HARRY POTTER AND THE GOBLET OF FIRE

CHAPTER ONE - THE RIDDLE HOUSE

	The villagers of Little Hangleron still called it "Riddle House", even though it had been many years since the Riddle family had lived there.  It stood on a hill overlooking the village, some of its windows were boarded up, tiles were missing from its roof and ivy was spreading unchecked across its façade.  Once a beautiful mansion, and by far the largest and grandest building for miles around, Riddle House was now dank, abandoned and unoccupied.
	The Little Hagletons all agreed that the old house was "scary."  Half a century ago, something strange and horrible had happened there, something the older residents of the village still liked to discuss when topics for gossip were rare.  The story had been repeated so many times and embroidered in so many places that no one really knew what the truth was anymore.  However, each version of the tale began in the same place: fifty years ago, at dawn on a beautiful summer morning, when the Riddle House was still well-kept and impressive, a maid had entered the living room and had found the three Riddles dead. .  
	The servant had run down the hill to the village and woke up as many people as she could.
	"Laying there, eyes wide open! Cold as ice! Still eating dinner!"
	The police were called and all of Little Hangleton was buzzing with shocked curiosity and poorly concealed excitement.  No one was wasting their breath pretending to feel very sad about Riddles, because they had been very unpopular.  Old Mr. and Mrs. Riddle had been rich, snobbish, and rude, and their adult son, Tom, had been even worse.  All the villagers were interested in was the identity of their killer - because it is obvious that three apparently healthy people did not all die of natural causes on the same night.
	The Hanged Man, the village pub, did a noisy trade that night; the whole village seemed to have come to discuss the murders.  They were rewarded for leaving their fireside when the Riddles' cook dramatically arrived among them and announced to the suddenly silent pub that a man called Frank Bryce had just been arrested.
	"Franc!" shouted several people.  "Never!"
	Frank Bryce was the Riddles' groundskeeper.  He lived alone in a dilapidated cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House.  Frank had returned from the war with a very stiff leg and a great dislike of crowds and loud noises, and had worked for the Riddles ever since.
	There was a rush to buy drinks from the cook and hear more details.
	“I always thought he was strange,” she told the eagerly listening villagers after her fourth sherry.  "Unfriendly, like. I'm sure if I offered him a cup of tea once, I offered it a hundred times. I never wanted to mix it up, he didn't."
	"Ah, now," said a woman at the bar, "he's had a tough war, Frank. He likes the quiet life. That's no reason to--"
	“Who else had the key to the back door, then?” barked the cook.  "There was a spare key hanging in the gardener's house for as long as I can remember! No one forced the door open last night! No broken windows! All Frank had to do was sneak in at the big house while we were all sleeping..."
	The villagers exchanged dark looks.
	“I always thought he looked mean, he did,” a man at the bar grumbled.
	“The war made it funny, in my opinion,” the owner said.
	"I told you I wouldn't want to get on Frank's bad side, didn't I, Dot?" said an excited woman in the corner.
	“Horrible temper,” Dot said, nodding earnestly.  "I remember when he was a child..."
	The next morning, almost no one in Little Hangleton doubted that Frank Bryce had killed the Riddles.
	But in the nearby town of Great Hangleton, in the dark and dingy police station, Frank stubbornly repeated, over and over again, that he was innocent and that the only person he had seen near the house on Riddle Day Dead was a teenager, a foreigner, black-haired and pale.  No one else in the village had seen such a boy and the police were sure that Frank had made it up.
	Then, just when things seemed very serious for Frank, the report about the Riddles' bodies came back and changed everything.
	The police had never read a stranger report.  A team of doctors had examined the bodies and concluded that none of the Riddles had been poisoned, stabbed, shot, strangled, suffocated, or (as far as they could tell) injured at all.  In fact (the report continued in a tone of unmistakable perplexity), the Riddles all seemed perfectly healthy – apart from the fact that they were all dead.  The doctors noted (as if determined to find something wrong with the bodies) that each of the Riddles had a look of terror on their faces - but as said by the frustrated police, who overheard talk about three people being scared to death?
	As there was no evidence that the Riddles had been murdered, the police were forcedd to let Frank go.  The Riddles were buried in Little Hangleton Cemetery and their graves remained objects of curiosity for some time.  To everyone's surprise and amid a cloud of suspicion, Frank Bryce returned to his cottage on the grounds of the Riddle House.
	"As far as I'm concerned, he killed them, and I don't care what the police say," Dot said in Hangman.  “And if he had any decency, he would leave here, knowing as we know how he did it.”
	But Frank didn't leave.  He stayed to tend the garden for the next family that lived in Riddle House, and then the next – for neither family stayed long.  Perhaps it was partly because of Frank that the new owners said there was an uneasy feeling about the place which, in the absence of residents, was beginning to fall into disrepair.

	The rich man who owned the Riddle House these days didn't live there or use it either; it was said in the village that he kept it for "tax reasons", although no one really knew what that was.  The wealthy owner, however, continued to pay Frank to do the gardening.  Frank was approaching his seventy-seventh birthday, very deaf, his bad leg stiffer than ever, but he could be seen gardening around the flower beds in good weather, although the weeds were beginning to take over him, despite all his efforts. delete them.
	Weeds weren't the only thing Frank had to deal with either.  The village boys used to throw stones through the windows of the Riddle House.  They cycled across the lawns that Frank worked so hard to keep smooth.  Once or twice they broke into the old house for a dare.  They knew that old Frank's devotion to the house and grounds amounted almost to an obsession, and it amused them to see him limping across the garden, brandishing his stick and shouting at them in a hoarse voice.  Frank, for his part, believed that the boys tormented him because they, like their parents and grandparents, considered him a murderer.  So when Frank woke up one August night and saw something very strange in the old house, he just assumed that the boys had gone further in their attempts to punish him.
	It was Frank's bad leg that woke him up; this made him suffer more than ever in his old age.  He got up and limped down the stairs to the kitchen with the idea of ​​filling his hot water bottle to relieve the stiffness in his knee.  Standing at the sink, filling the kettle, he looked up at Riddle House and saw lights flickering in its upper windows.  Frank immediately understood what was happening.  The boys had broken into the house again and, judging by the flickering quality of the light, had started a fire.
	Frank didn't have a phone anyway, he was deeply suspicious of the police ever since they questioned him about the Riddles' deaths.  He immediately put down the kettle, hurried back up the stairs as quickly as his bad leg would allow him, and was soon back in his kitchen, fully dressed and removing an old rusty key from its hook by the door.  He picked up his cane leaning against the wall and walked off into the night.  
	The front door of Riddle House showed no sign of having been forced open, nor did any of the windows.  Frank hobbled to the back of the house until he reached a door almost entirely hidden by ivy, took out the old key, put it in the lock and opened the door quietly.
	He entered the cavernous kitchen.  Frank had not been there for many years; nevertheless, even though it was very dark, he remembered where the door to the hall was and he groped his way towards it, his nostrils full of the smell of rot, his ears pricked up for any noise. footsteps or voices coming from above.  He reached the hall, a little brighter thanks to the large mullioned windows on either side of the front door, and began to climb the stairs, blessing the dust that thickened on the stone, for it muffled the noise of his step and stick.
	On the landing, Frank turned right and immediately saw where the intruders were: at either end of the passage, a door was ajar and a flickering light shone through the gap, casting a long golden sheen onto the black floor.  Frank got closer and closer, he was able to see a narrow part of the room beyond.
	The fire, he saw now, had been lit in the fireplace.  This surprised him.  Then he stopped moving and listened attentively, for a man's voice spoke in the room; it seemed shy and fearful.
	“There is a little more in the bottle, my lord, if you are still hungry.”
	“Later,” said a second voice.  This too belonged to a man – but it was strangely sharp and cold like a sudden blast of icy wind.  Something in that voice made the thinning hairs on the back of Frank's neck stand up.  “Bring me closer to the fire, Wormtail.”
	Frank turned his right ear towards the door to hear better.  There was the clink of a bottle being placed on a hard surface, then the dull, scraping sound of a heavy chair being dragged across the floor.down.  Frank saw a little man, his back to the door, putting the chair in place.  He wore a long black cloak and there was a bald spot on the back of his head.  Then he disappeared again.
	"Where is Nagini?" said the cold voice.
	"I -- I don't know, My Lord," the first voice said nervously.  "She's gone exploring the house, I think..."
	“You milk her before we retire, Wormtail,” said the second voice.  "I will need to be fed during the night. The journey has made me very tired."
	Frowning, Frank tilted his healthy ear even more toward the door, listening very carefully.  There was a pause, then the man called Wormtail spoke again.
	“My Lord, may I ask how long we will be here?
	“A week,” said the cold voice.  "Maybe longer. The place is moderately comfortable and the plan can't come to fruition yet. It would be foolish to act before the Quidditch World Cup is over."
	Frank inserted a gnarled finger into his ear and rotated it.  Probably due to a build-up of earwax, he had heard the word "Quidditch", which was not a word at all.
	"The -- the Quidditch World Cup, my lord?" Wormtail said.  (Frank pressed his finger even more forcefully into his ear.) "Forgive me, but -- I don't understand -- why should we wait until the World Cup is over?"
	"Because, fool, right now, wizards from all over the world are pouring into the land, and all the intruders from the Ministry of Magic will be on duty, watching for signs of habitual activity, checking and rechecking identities .They will be obsessed with security, lest the Muggles notice anything.
	Frank stopped trying to clean his ear.  He had distinctly heard the words "Ministry of Magic", "wizards" and "Muggles".  Obviously, each of these expressions meant something secret, and Frank could only think of two kinds of people who would speak in code: spies and criminals.  Frank tightened his grip on his cane once more and listened even more attentively.
	“So your lordship is still determined?”  » Wormtail said softly.
	"I'm certainly determined, Wormtail."  There was now a note of menace in the cold voice.
	A slight pause followed – and Wormtail spoke, the words rushing out of him, as if he was forcing himself to say it before losing his composure.
	"This could be done without Harry Potter, My Lord."
	Another pause, longer, and then...
	“Without Harry Potter?” the second voice whispered softly.  "I see..."
	“My Lord, I do not say this out of concern for the boy!”  Wormtail said, his voice rising squeaky.  "That boy is nothing to me, nothing at all! It's just that if we were to use another witch or wizard – any wizard – the thing could be done a lot quicker! If you'll let me to leave you for a little while -- you know I can disguise myself as effectively as possible -- I could be back here in as little as two days with a suitable person -- "
	"I need another wizard," the cold voice said softly, "it's true..."
	"My Lord, that makes sense," Wormtail said, now looking completely relieved.  “Getting your hands on Harry Potter would be so difficult, he is so well protected…”
	"And so you volunteer to go find me a substitute? I wonder...perhaps the task of healing me has become boring for you, Wormtail? Could this suggestion of abandoning the plan be nothing more than an attempt to abandon me?
	"My Lord! I -- I have no desire to leave you, none at all --"
	"Do not lie to me!"  the second voice hissed.  "I can always say it, Wormtail! You regret coming back to me. I revolt you. I see you flinch when you look at me, I feel you shiver when you touch me..."
	"No! My devotion to Your Lordship..."
	"Your dedication is nothing but cowardice. You wouldn't be here if you had anywhere else to go. How can I survive without you, when I need to be fed every few hours? Who should milk Nagini?"
	“But you seem so much stronger, My Lord…”
	“Liar,” whispered the second voice.  “I am not any stronger, and a few days would be enough to deprive me of the little health I have regained under your clumsy care. Silence!”
	Wormtail, who had been babbling incoherently, immediately fell silent.  For a few seconds, Frank heard only the crackling of the fire.  The second man spoke once more, in a whisper that almost sounded like a hiss.
	"I have my reasons for using this boy, as I have already explained to you, and I will use no other. I have waited thirteen years. A few more months will make no difference. As for protection surrounding the boy, I believe"
	“My Lord, I must speak!”  Wormtail said, panic in his voice now.  "Throughout our journey, I have reviewed the plan in my head: My Lord, Bertha Jorkin's disappearance will not go unnoticed for long, and if we proceedeed, if I kill…”
	"If?"  the second voice whispered.  "Yes? If you follow the plan, Wormtail, the Ministry will never need to know that anyone else is dead. You will do it quietly and without fuss; I only wish I could do it myself, but in my current state... Come, Wormtail, one more death and our path to Harry Potter is clear. I'm not asking you to do it alone.
	“I am a faithful servant,” Wormtail said, the slightest hint of sullenness in his voice.
	“Wormtail, I need someone with intelligence, someone whose loyalty has never wavered, and unfortunately, you meet none of those requirements.
	"I found you," Wormtail said, and there was definitely a sulky edge to his voice now.  "I found you. I brought you Bertha Jorkins."
	“That’s right,” the second man said, looking amused.  "A stroke of genius I wouldn't have thought possible on your part, Wormtail – although, truth be told, you didn't know how useful she would be to you when you caught her, did you?"
	"I...I thought she might be useful, My Lord..."
	“Liar,” the second voice repeated, the cruel amusement more pronounced than ever.  "However, I do not deny that his information was invaluable. Without it, I would never have been able to develop our plan, and for that, you will have your reward, Wormtail. I will allow you to accomplish a vital task for me, that of which many of my followers would give the right hand to play..."
	"R-really, My Lord? What --?"  Wormtail looked terrified again.
	"Ah, Wormtail, you don't want me to spoil the surprise? Your role will come at the very end... but I promise you, you will have the honor of being as useful as Bertha Jorkins."
	"You... you..." Wormtail's voice suddenly sounded hoarse, as if his mouth had become very dry.  "Are you... going to... kill me too?"
	"Wormtail, Wormtail," said the cold voice in a silky voice, "why would I kill you? I killed Bertha because I had to. She was no longer good for anything after my interrogation, completely useless Either way, embarrassing questions would have been asked if she had returned to the Ministry with the news that she had met you while on vacation. The supposedly dead wizards would do well to stay away from the Ministry of Magic witches. roadside inns..."
	Wormtail muttered something so softly that Frank couldn't hear it, but it made the second man laugh – a completely joyless laugh, cold as his speech.
	"We could have altered his memory? But Memory Spells can be broken by a powerful sorcerer, as I proved by questioning him. It would be an insult to his memory not to use the information I extracted of her, Wormtail."
	In the hallway, Frank suddenly realized that the hand holding his cane was slippery with sweat.  The man with the cold voice had killed a woman.  He spoke about it without any remorse, with amusement.  He was dangerous – a madman.  And he was planning more murders -- this boy, Harry Potter, whoever he was -- was in danger --
	Frank knew what he had to do.  It was time, if ever, to go see the police.  He slipped out of the house and headed straight for the village phone box... but the cold voice spoke again, and Frank stood there, frozen in place, listening with all his might.
	"Another murder... my faithful servant at Hogwarts... Harry Potter is as good as mine, Wormtail. It's decided. There will be no more arguments. But calm down... I believe that I hear Nagini..."
	And the second man's voice changed.  He started making noises like Frank had never heard before; he hissed and spat without catching his breath.  Frank thought he must be having some sort of seizure or seizure.
	And then Frank heard movement behind him in the dark passage.  He turned to look and found himself paralyzed with fear.
	Something was slithering toward him on the dark floor of the hallway, and as he drew closer to the firelight, he realized with a shudder of terror that it was a gigantic snake, at least twelve inches long. feet.  Horrified, transfixed, Frank watched as her undulating body traced a wide, curved trail through the thick dust on the ground, coming closer and closer. What should he do?  The only way to escape was to go to the room where the two men were sitting plotting murder, but if he stayed where he was, the snake would surely kill him...
	But before he had made up his mind, the snake was at his height, and then, incredibly, miraculously, it passed; he followed the spitting and hissing made by the cold voice behind the door, and within seconds the tip of his diamond-shaped tail had disappeared through the gap.
	There was sweat on Frank's forehead now and the hand on the cane was shaking.  Inside the room, the cold voice continued to hiss, and Frank was visited by a strange idea, an impossible idea... This man could talk to snakes.
	Frank didn't understand what was happening.  He wanted more than anything to go back to his bedwith his hot water bottle.  The problem was that his legs didn't seem to want to move.  As he stood there, shaking and trying to control himself, the cold voice abruptly switched to English.
	“Nagini has some interesting news, Wormtail,” he said.
	“Indeed, my lord?”  Wormtail said.
	"Indeed, yes," said the voice, "According to Nagini, there is an old Muggle standing just outside this room, listening to every word we say."
	Frank didn't have a chance to hide.  There were footsteps, then the door to the room was thrown wide open.
	A short, bald man with graying hair, a pointy nose, and small, watery eyes stood before Frank, a mixture of fear and worry on his face.
	"Invite him inside, Wormtail. Where are your manners?"
	The cold voice came from the old chair in front of the fire, but Frank could not see the speaker.  the snake, on the other hand, was curled up on the rotten carpet of the hearth, like a horrible parody of a pet dog.
	Wormtail beckoned Frank into the room.  Although still deeply shaken, Frank gripped his cane tighter and limped across the threshold.
	The fire was the only source of light in the room; it cast long spider shadows on the walls.  Frank looked at the back of the chair; the man inside appeared to be even smaller than his servant, as Frank couldn't even see the back of his head.
	"Did you hear everything, Muggle?"  said the cold voice.
	“What do you call me?”  said Frank defiantly, for now that he was inside the room, now that the time had come to act, he felt more courageous; it had always been like this during the war.
	"I'm calling you a Muggle," the voice said coldly.  "That means you're not a wizard."
	"I don't know what you mean by wizard," Frank said, his voice growing firmer.  "All I know is that I've heard enough to interest the police tonight. You've committed one murder and you're planning more! And I'll tell you too," he added. he, in a sudden inspiration, "my wife knows I'm here, and if I don't come back..."
	“You have no wife,” said the cold voice, very softly.  "No one knows you're here. You haven't told anyone you're coming. Don't lie to Lord Voldemort, Muggle, because he knows... he always knows..."
	"Is it correct?"  » Frank said roughly.  "Lord, is it? Well, I don't much like your manners, My Lord. Turn and face me like a man, why not?"
	"But I'm not a man, Muggle," said the cold voice, barely audible now over the crackling flames.  "I am more than a man. However... why not? I will face you... Wormtail, come turn my chair around."
	The servant groaned.
	"You heard me, Wormtail."
	Slowly, with a wrinkled face, as if he would rather do anything than approach his master and the fireplace rug where the snake lay, the little man stepped forward and began to turn the chair.  The snake raised its ugly triangular head and hissed slightly as the chair legs caught on the carpet.
	And then the chair was facing Frank, and he saw what was in it.  His cane fell to the ground with a crash.  He opened his mouth and let out a cry.  He was shouting so loudly that he never heard the words spoken by the thing in the chair as it raised a wand.  There was a flash of green light, a rushing noise, and Frank Bryce collapsed.  He was dead before he hit the ground.
	Three hundred kilometers away, the boy called Harry Potter woke up with a start.

CHAPTER TWO - THE SCAR

	Harry was lying on his back, breathing hard as if he had been running.  He had woken up from an intense dream, his hands covering his face.  The old scar on his forehead, shaped like a lightning bolt, burned beneath his fingers as if someone had just pressed a white-hot wire to his skin.
	He stood up, one hand still on his scar, the other holding out his glasses which were on the nightstand in the darkness.  He put them on and his room became brighter, lit by a dim hazy orange light that filtered through the curtains from the street lamp outside the window.
	Harry ran his fingers over the scar again.  It was always painful.  He turned on the lamp next to him, got out of bed, crossed the room, opened his wardrobe and looked in the mirror inside the door.  A skinny fourteen-year-old boy looked at him, his bright green eyes perplexed beneath his messy black hair.  He took a closer look at the lightning bolt scar in his reflection.  It seemed normal, but it still stinged.
	Harry tried to remember what he had dreamed of before waking up.  It seemed so real... There were two people he knew and one he didn't... He concentrated hard, frowning, trying to remember...
	A dark image of a dark room came to him... There was a snake on a fireplace rug... a little man called Peter, nicknamed Wormtail... and a cold, high voice... the voice of Lord Voldemort. .  Harry felt like an ice cube had slipped into his stomach at that moment.very thoughtful...
	He closed his eyes tightly and tried to remember what Voldemort looked like, but it was impossible... All Harry knew was that the moment Voldemort's chair had turned, and he, Harry, seeing what was inside, felt a spasm of horror that woke him up...or was it the pain in his scar?
	And who was this old man?  For there had indeed been an old man; Harry had seen him fall to the ground.  Everything was getting confusing.  Harry put his face in his hands, blocking the way to his room, trying to hold back the image of that dimly lit room, but it was like trying to keep water in his cupped hands; the details were flowing now as fast as he tried to hold them back... Voldemort and Wormtail were talking about someone they had killed, even though Harry couldn't remember the name... and they had plotted to kill someone another one. ...him!
	Harry took his hands off his face, opened his eyes and looked around his room as if expecting to see something unusual.  It turns out that there were an extraordinary number of unusual things in this room.  A large wooden chest lay open at the foot of his bed, revealing a cauldron, a broomstick, black robes, and an assortment of grimoires.  Rolls of parchment littered the part of his office that was not occupied by the large empty cage in which his snowy owl, Hedwig, usually perched.  On the floor next to his bed, a book was open; Harry had read it before going to sleep last night.  The images in this book were all moving.  Men in bright orange robes zoomed and disappeared on broomsticks, throwing a red ball at each other.
	Harry walked over to the book, picked it up, and watched as one of the wizards scored a spectacular goal by putting the ball through a fifty foot high hoop.  Then he closed the book.  Even Quidditch – according to Harry, the best sport in the world – couldn't distract him at the moment.  He placed Flying with the Cannons on his bedside table, walked to the window and drew the curtains to look out at the street below.
	Privet Drive looked exactly like you would expect a respectable suburban street to look like in the early hours of Saturday morning.  All the curtains were closed.  From what Harry could see through the darkness, there was no living creature in sight, not even a cat.
	And yet...and yet... Harry walked agitatedly back to the bed and sat on it, running a finger over his scar again.  It wasn't the pain that bothered him; Harry was no stranger to pain and hurt.  He had lost all the bones in his right arm once and had them grow back painfully overnight.  The same arm had been pierced by a foot-long venomous fang shortly after.  Just last year, Harry had fallen fifty feet from an aerial broom.  He was used to freak accidents and injuries; they were inevitable if you attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and had a knack for getting into a lot of trouble.
	No, what bothered Harry was the last time his scar hurt him was because Voldemort was nearby... But Voldemort couldn't be there now... Voldemort's idea hiding in Privet Drive was absurd, impossible...
	Harry listened intently to the silence around him.  Was he expecting to hear the creak of a staircase or the rustle of a coat?  And then he jumped slightly when he heard his cousin Dudley let out a huge snore coming from the next room.
	Harry shook himself mentally; he was stupid.  There was no one in the house with him except Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley, and they were clearly still asleep, their dreams serene and painless.
	Sleeping was Harry's favorite Dursley way; it wasn't like they were helping him wake up.  Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia, and Dudley were Harry's only living relatives.  They were Muggles who hated and despised magic in all its forms, which meant that Harry was as welcome in their home as dry rot.  They had explained Harry's long absences from Hogwarts over the past three years by telling everyone that he had gone to St. Brutus' Secure Center for incurably criminal boys.  They knew full well that as a minor wizard, Harry was not allowed to use magic outside of Hogwarts, but they were still inclined to blame him for anything that went wrong in the house.  Harry had never been able to confide in them or tell them anything about his life in the wizarding world.  The very idea of ​​going to them when they woke up, and telling them about his scar that hurt him, and his worries about Voldemort, was laughable.
	And yet, it was because of Voldemort that Harry had come to live with the Dursleys in the first place.  If it hadn't been for Voldemort, Harry wouldn't have had the lightning bolt scar on his forehead.  If it hadn't been for Voldemort, Harry would still have had parents...
	Harry was one year old the night Voldemort – the most powerful dark wizard in a century, a wizard whowho had been steadily gaining power for eleven years - arrived at his home and killed his father and mother.  Voldemort then turned his wand towards Harry; he had performed the spell that had wiped out many adult wizards and witches during his steady rise to power – and, incredibly, it hadn't worked.  Instead of killing the little boy, the curse had turned on Voldemort.  Harry had survived with nothing but a lightning bolt cut on his forehead, and Voldemort had been reduced to something barely alive.  His powers gone, his life almost extinguished, Voldemort had fled; the terror in which the secret community of witches and wizards had lived for so long had dissipated, Voldemort's followers had disbanded, and Harry Potter had become famous.
	It had been enough of a shock for Harry to discover, on his eleventh birthday, that he was a wizard; it had been even more disconcerting to discover that everyone in the hidden wizarding world knew his name.  Harry had arrived at Hogwarts to find that heads were turning and whispers following him wherever he went.  But he was used to it now: at the end of this summer, he would start his fourth year at Hogwarts, and Harry was already counting the days until he returned to the castle.
	But he still had two weeks before returning to school.  He looked desperately around his room again, and his gaze stopped on the birthday cards his two best friends had sent him at the end of July.  What would they say if Harry wrote to them and told them about his painful scar?
	Immediately, Hermione Granger's voice seemed to fill his head, high pitched and panicked.
	"Does your scar hurt? Harry, it's really serious... Write to Professor Dumbledore! And I'll check for common magical ailments and afflictions... Maybe there's something in there to About curse scars..."
	Yes, that would be Hermione's advice: go straight to the headmaster of Hogwarts, and in the meantime, check out a book.  Harry looked out the window at the inky blue-black sky. He very much doubted that a book could help him now.  As far as he knew, he was the only person alive to survive a curse like Voldemort's; so it was highly unlikely that he would find his symptoms listed under common magical ailments and afflictions.  As for informing the Headmaster, Harry had no idea where Dumbledore was going during the summer holidays.  He amused himself for a moment, imagining Dumbledore, with his long silver beard, long wizarding robes and pointed hat, lying on a beach somewhere, rubbing sunscreen on his long crooked nose.  However, wherever Dumbledore was, Harry was sure Hedwig would be able to find him; Harry's owl had never failed to deliver a letter to anyone, even without an address.  But what would he write?
	Dear Professor Dumbledore, Sorry to bother you, but my scar hurt this morning.  Sincerely, Harry Potter.
	Even in his head, the words sounded stupid.
	And then he tried to imagine the reaction of his other best friend, Ron Weasley, and in an instant, Ron's red hair and long-nosed, freckled face seemed to swim in front of Harry, wearing a perplexed expression.
	"Your scar hurts? But... but You-Know-Who can't be near you now, right? I mean... you'd know that, right? He'd try to kill you again, wouldn't he? I don't know, Harry, maybe the curse scars still sting a little... I'll ask Dad.
	Mr. Weasley was a fully qualified wizard who worked in the Ministry of Magic's Office of Misuse of Muggle Artifacts, but he had no particular expertise in curses, to Harry's knowledge.  Regardless, Harry didn't like the idea of ​​the entire Weasley family knowing that he, Harry, was getting nervous from the pain of a few moments.  Mrs. Weasley would worry even more than Hermione, and Fred and George, Ron's sixteen-year-old twin brothers, might think Harry was losing his temper.  The Weasleys were Harry's favorite family in the world; he hoped they might invite him to stay at any time (Ron had mentioned something about the Quidditch World Cup), and he didn't want his visit to be punctuated by anxious inquiries about his scar.
	Harry rubbed his forehead with his knuckles. What he really wanted (and he was almost ashamed to admit it) was someone like... someone like a parent: an adult wizard who he could ask for advice without feeling stupid, someone 'one who cared, who had experience with dark magic. ....
	And then the solution came to him. It was so simple and so obvious that he couldn't believe it had taken so long - Sirius.
	Harry jumped out of bed, hurried across the room and sat down at his desk; He drew a piece of parchment towards him, filled his eagle quill with ink, wrote Dear Sirius, then paused, wondering how best to phrase his problem, still marveling at the fact that he didn't have everything right. then thought of Sirius.  But perhaps that wasn't so surprising – after all, he had only just discovered that Sirius was his god.father two months ago.
	There was a simple reason for Sirius' complete absence from Harry's life up to that point: Sirius had been in Azkaban, the terrifying wizarding prison guarded by creatures called dementors, blind, soul-sucking demons who came to looking for Sirius at Hogwarts when he had escaped. .  Yet Sirius was innocent – ​​the murders for which he had been convicted had been committed by Wormtail, Voldemort's supporter, who almost everyone now believed to be dead.  However, Harry, Ron and Hermione knew otherwise; they had come face to face with Wormtail only the year before, although only Professor Dumbledore had believed their story.
	For one glorious hour, Harry had thought he was finally leaving the Dursleys, because Sirius had offered him a house once his name was cleared.  But that chance had been taken away from him – Wormtail had escaped before they could take him to the Ministry of Magic, and Sirius had had to flee for his life.  Harry had helped him escape on the back of a hippogriff called Buckbeak, and since then Sirius had been on the run.  The home Harry could have had if Wormtail hadn't escaped had haunted him all summer.  It had been doubly difficult to return to the Dursleys knowing that he had almost escaped them forever.
	Still, Sirius had been of some help to Harry, even if he couldn't be with him.  It was thanks to Sirius that Harry now had all his school stuff in his room with him.  The Dursleys had never allowed this before; their general wish to keep Harry as unhappy as possible, coupled with their fear of his powers, had led them to lock his school trunk in the cupboard under the stairs every summer before.  But their attitude had changed since they discovered that Harry had a dangerous murderer for a godfather – because Harry had conveniently forgotten to tell them that Sirius was innocent.
	Harry had received two letters from Sirius since his return to Privet Drive.  Both had been delivered, not by owls (as was usual with wizards), but by large, brightly colored tropical birds.  Hedwig had not approved of these flashy intruders; she had been very reluctant to allow them to drink from her water trough before flying away again.  Harry, on the other hand, had enjoyed them; they reminded him of palm trees and white sand, and he hoped that wherever Sirius was (Sirius never said, in case the letters were intercepted), he was having fun.  Somehow Harry found it hard to imagine dementors surviving long in direct sunlight, perhaps that was why Sirius had gone south.  Sirius's letters, which were now hidden under the very useful boards under Harry's bed, seemed cheerful, and in both, he had reminded Harry to call him if Harry ever needed it.  Well, he needed it right away, okay...
	Harry's lamp seemed to dim as the cold gray light that precedes sunrise slowly crept into the room. Finally, when the sun rose and the walls of his room had turned gold and sounds of movement could be heard in Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia's room, Harry cleared his desk of crumpled pieces of parchment and reread his finished letter.

Dear Sirius,
	Thank you for your last letter. This bird was enormous; he could barely fit through my window. Things are business as usual here. Dudley's diet isn't going very well. My aunt found him yesterday smuggling donuts into her room. They told him they would have to cut his spending money if he kept doing it, so he got really angry and threw his PlayStation out the window. It is a kind of computer on which you can play games. It's really a bit stupid, now he doesn't even have the third part of Mega-Mutilation to take his mind off things.
	I'm fine, mainly because the Dursleys are terrified that you could turn them into bats if I asked you.
	But a strange thing happened this morning. My scar still hurt. The last time this happened was because Voldemort was at Hogwarts. But I don't think he can be near me now, can you? Do you know if curse scars sometimes hurt years later?
	I will send this to Hedwig when she returns; she's on the hunt right now. Say hello to Buckbeak for me. Harry

Yes, Harry thought, that looked good.  There was no point in dreaming; he didn't want to seem like he was too worried.  He folded the parchment and placed it on his desk, ready for Hedwig's return.  Then he got up, stretched and opened his wardrobe again. Without looking at his reflection, he began to get dressed before going downstairs to have breakfast.

CHAPTER THREE - THE INVITATION 

            By the time Harry arrived in the kitchen, the three Dursleys were already seated around the table.  None of them looked up when he entered or sat down.  Uncle Vernon's big red face was hidden behind the morning Daily Mail, and Aunt Petunia was cutting a grapefruit into quarters, her lips pursed over her buck teeth.
            Dudley, there you go» He was furious and sulking, and seemed to take up even more space than usual.  That said something, because he always took up an entire side of the square table by himself.  When Aunt Petunia put a quarter of an unsweetened grapefruit on Dudley's plate with a "Here you go, Diddy darling", Dudley glared at her.  His life had taken a most unpleasant turn since he returned home for the summer with his end-of-year report.
            Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia had managed to find excuses for his poor grades, as usual: Aunt Petunia always insisted that Dudley was a very talented boy who the teachers didn't understand, while the Uncle Vernon said that "he didn't want a stupid little boy." Nancy Boy for a son anyway. "They also discussed the harassment accusations in the report: 'He's a rambunctious little boy, but he wouldn't hurt a fly!'" Aunt Petunia had said through tears.
However, at the bottom of the report, there were some choice comments from the school nurse that even Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia couldn't explain.  No matter how much Aunt Petunia lamented that Dudley was big-boned, and that his weight was really puppy fat, and that he was a growing boy who needed a lot of food, he the fact remained that the school outfitters did not stock panties big enough. for him more.  The school nurse had seen what Aunt Petunia's eyes - so keen when it came to spotting fingerprints on her shiny walls and observing the comings and goings of neighbors - simply refused to see : that far from needing extra food, Dudley had grown to roughly the size and weight of a young killer whale.
So – after many tantrums, after arguments that shook Harry's bedroom floor, and many tears from Aunt Petunia – the new regime had begun.  The diet sheet that had been sent by the Smeltings school nurse had been stuck on the fridge, which had been emptied of all of Dudley's favorite things - soft drinks and cakes, chocolate bars and hamburgers and stocked to capacity. the place of fruits and vegetables and that sort of thing. which Uncle Vernon called “rabbit food”.  To make Dudley feel better, Aunt Petunia had insisted that the whole family follow the diet as well.  She now passed a grapefruit wedge to Harry. He noticed that it was much smaller than Dudley's.  Aunt Petunia seemed to understand that the best way to keep Dudley's spirits up was to make sure he at least ate more than Harry.
But Aunt Petunia didn't know what was hidden under the floorboards upstairs.  She had no idea that Harry wasn't following this diet at all.  The moment he learned that he was supposed to survive the summer on carrot sticks, Harry had sent Hedwig to his friends for help, and they had risen to the occasion magnificently. .  Hedwig had returned from Hermione's house with a large box filled with sugar-free snacks.  (Hermione's parents were dentists.) Hagrid, the Hogwarts gamekeeper, had agreed with a bag full of his own homemade rock cakes.  (Harry hadn't touched it; he had too much experience in Hagrid's cooking.) Mrs. Weasley, however, had sent the family owl, Errol, with a huge fruitcake and an assortment of mince pies. meat.  Poor Errol, who was old and weak, needed five full days to recover from the trip.  And then, on Harry's birthday (which the Dursleys had completely ignored), he had received four beautiful birthday cakes, one each for Ron, Hermione, Hagrid and Sirius.  Harry still had two left, and so, looking forward to a proper breakfast when he returned upstairs, he ate his grapefruit without complaint.
Uncle Vernon put down his paper with a deep sniff of disapproval and looked down at his own grapefruit wedge.
“Is this this?” he said sullenly to Aunt Petunia.
Aunt Petunia gave him a stern look, then nodded pointedly at Dudley, who had already finished his own grapefruit wedge and was looking at Harry's with a very sour look in his piggy little eyes.
Uncle Vernon heaved a deep sigh, which ruffled his large bushy mustache, and picked up his spoon.
The doorbell rang.  Uncle Vernon got up from his chair and walked down the hall.  Quick as a flash, while his mother was busy with the kettle, Dudley stole the rest of Uncle Vernon's grapefruit.
Harry heard talking at the door, and someone laughing, and Uncle Vernon answering sharply.  Then the front door closed and the sound of ripping paper came from the hallway.
Aunt Petunia placed the teapot on the table and looked around curiously to see where Uncle Vernon had arrived.  She didn't have to wait long to find out; after about a minute he was back.  He looked livid.
"You," he barked at Harry.  "In the living room. Now."
Confused, wondering what he was supposed to do this time, Harry stood up and followed Uncle Vernon out of the kitchen and into the next room.  Uncle Vernon abruptly closed the door behind the two of them.
“So,” he said, heading towards the fireplace.e and turning to Harry as if he was about to declare him under arrest.  "SO."
Harry would have loved to say, “So what?” but he did not think that Uncle Vernon's character should be strained so early in the morning, especially when he was already strained from lack of food.  So he just looked politely perplexed.
“This just happened,” said Uncle Vernon.  He held up a piece of purple stationery at Harry.  "A letter. About you."
Harry's confusion increased.  Who would write to Uncle Vernon about him?  Who did he know who sent letters by postman?
Uncle Vernon glared at Harry, then looked down at the letter and began reading aloud:

Dear Mr. and Mrs. Dursley,
We were never introduced, but I'm sure Harry has heard you talk a lot about my son Ron.
As Harry may have told you, the Quidditch World Cup final is this Monday evening, and my husband, Arthur, has just managed to get special tickets through his connections at the Department of Games and Sports. Magical.
I hope you will allow us to take Harry to the match, as it truly is a unique opportunity; Britain has not hosted the cup for thirty years and tickets are extremely difficult to find.  We would of course be happy for Harry to stay for the rest of the summer holidays and for him to be safe on the train back to school.
It would be best if Harry sent us your reply as quickly as possible in the usual way, because the muggle postman has never delivered to our house, and I'm not even sure he knows where it is.
Hoping to see Harry soon,
Sincerely,
Molly Weasley

P.S. I hope we put enough stamps.

Uncle Vernon finished reading, put his hand back in his breast pocket and took out something else.
“Look at that,” he growled.
He held up the envelope in which Mrs. Weasley's letter had arrived, and Harry had to suppress a laugh.  Every part was covered in stamps, except for a square inch on the front, in which Mrs. Weasley had painstakingly inscribed the Dursleys' address.
"She's put enough tampons in, then," Harry said, trying to make Mrs. Weasley seem like a mistake anyone could make.  His uncle's eyes shone.
“The postman noticed,” he said through gritted teeth. "He was very interested in knowing where the letter came from. That's why he rang the doorbell. He seemed to find it funny."
Harry didn't say anything.  Other people might not understand why Uncle Vernon would make such a big deal about too many stamps, but Harry had lived with the Dursleys too long not to know how touchy they were about everything, even slightly. out of the ordinary.  Their worst fear was that someone would find out that they were related (even remotely) to people like Mrs. Weasley.
Uncle Vernon was still looking at Harry, who was trying to keep his expression neutral.  If he didn't do or say anything stupid, he might just have the time of his life.  He waited for Uncle Vernon to say something, but he just continued to look at him.  Harry decided to break the silence.
“So… can I go then?” He asked.
A slight spasm crossed Uncle Vernon's great purple face.  The mustache bristled. Harry thought he knew what was going on behind the mustache: a furious battle as two of Uncle Vernon's most basic instincts came into conflict.  Allowing Harry to leave would make him happy, something Uncle Vernon had been fighting against for thirteen years.  On the other hand, allowing Harry to disappear to the Weasleys for the rest of the summer would get rid of him two weeks sooner than anyone could have hoped, and Uncle Vernon hated having Harry at home.  To give himself time to think, it seemed, he looked down at Mrs. Weasley's letter again.
"Who is this woman?" he said, looking at the signature with disgust.
"You saw her," Harry said. “She’s my friend Ron’s mother, she met him coming off the Hog – off the school train at the end of last term.”
He almost said "Hogwarts Express", and that was a sure way to make his uncle angry.  No one ever mentioned the name of Harry's school out loud in the Dursley household.
Uncle Vernon wrinkled his enormous face as if trying to remember something very unpleasant.
“Some kind of stupid woman?” he finally growled.  “A bunch of red-haired kids?”
Harry frowned.  He thought it was a bit rich of Uncle Vernon to call someone "bumpy", when his own son, Dudley, had finally realized what he had been threatening to do since the age of three years old, and that he had become wider than he was tall.
Uncle Vernon looked through the letter again.
"Quidditch," he muttered under his breath. “Quidditch, what is this bullshit?”
Harry felt a second pang of annoyance.
“It’s a sport,” he said shortly. “I played on a broom-”
"Very well very well !"  » Uncle Vernon said out loud.  Harry saw, with some satisfaction, that his uncle looked vaguely panicked.  Apparently his nerves couldn't stand the sound of the word "brooms" in his living room.  He took refuge inlooking through the letter again.  Harry saw her lips form the words "send us your response...in the usual way."  He frowned.
"What does she mean by 'the normal way'?"  he spat.
"Normal for us," Harry said, and before his uncle could stop him, he added, "you know, owl post. That's what's normal for wizards."
Uncle Vernon looked as indignant as if Harry had just uttered a disgusting swear word. Trembling with anger, he glanced nervously out the window, as if expecting to see neighbors with their ears pressed against the glass.
“How many times do I have to tell you not to mention this lack of naturalness under my roof?”  he hissed, his face now a rich plum color.  "There you are, in the clothes Petunia and I put on your thankless back -"
"Only after Dudley is done with them," Harry said coldly, and indeed, he was dressed in a sweatshirt so big for him that he had to roll up the sleeves five times to use his hands, and who was falling. past the knees of his extremely baggy jeans.
“No one will talk to me like that!”  » said Uncle Vernon, trembling with rage.
But Harry wasn't going to put up with that.  Gone were the days when he was forced to follow every stupid rule of the Dursleys.  He wasn't following Dudley's diet, and he wasn't going to let Uncle Vernon stop him from going to the Quidditch World Cup, not if he could help it.  Harry took a deep breath and then said, "Okay, I can't see the World Cup. Can I go now, then? Only, I have a letter to Sirius that I want to finish. You know, my godfather. "
He had done it, he had said the magic words.  Now he watched the purple drain away from Uncle Vernon's face, making him look like poorly mixed blackcurrant ice cream.
“You’re… you’re writing to him, aren’t you?”  Uncle Vernon said, in a voice that was meant to be calm – but Harry had seen the pupils in his small eyes contract with sudden fear.
"Well, yeah," Harry said casually.  "It's been a while since he's heard from me, and, you know, if he doesn't, he might start to think something's wrong."
He stopped there to enjoy the effect of these words.  He could almost see the cogs working beneath Uncle Vernon's thick, dark, well-parted hair.  If he tried to stop Harry from writing to Sirius, Sirius would think Harry was being mistreated.  If he told Harry he couldn't go to the Quidditch World Cup, Harry would write to him and tell Sirius, who would know Harry was being mistreated.  There was only one thing for Uncle Vernon to do.  Harry could see the conclusion forming in his uncle's mind as if the large mustachioed face were transparent.  Harry tried not to smile, to keep his face as blank as possible. And then -
"Well, all right then. You can go to that red... that stupid... that World Cup thing. You write and tell those - those Weasleys, they have to come get you, watch out. I don't I don't have time to go drop you off across the country and you can spend the rest of the summer there and you can tell your - your godfather... tell him... tell him you're leaving.
"Okay then," Harry said cheerfully.
He turned and headed for the living room door, fighting the urge to jump into the air and scream.  He was going... he was going to the Weasleys, he was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup!
Outside in the hallway, he almost ran into Dudley, who was hiding behind the door, clearly hoping to hear Harry being scolded.  He looked shocked to see the wide smile on Harry's face.
“That was a great breakfast, wasn’t it?” Harry said.  “I feel really full, don’t I?”
Laughing at the surprised look on Dudley's face, Harry took the stairs three at a time and rushed to his room.
The first thing he saw was that Hedwig was back.  She was sitting in her cage, staring at Harry with her huge amber eyes, and clicking her beak in a way that meant she was annoyed by something.  What was bothering him became obvious almost immediately.
"OUCH!" Harry said as what appeared to be a small, gray, feathery tennis ball collided with the side of his head.  Harry massaged the spot furiously, looking up to see what had hit him, and saw a small owl, small enough to fit in the palm of his hand, whistling excitedly around the room like a loose firework .  Harry then realized that the owl had dropped a letter at his feet.  Harry leaned down, recognized Ron's handwriting, then tore open the envelope.  Inside was a hastily scribbled note.

Harry - Dad got the tickets - Ireland v Bulgaria, Monday night. Mum is writing to the Muggles asking you to stay.  They may already have the letter, I don't know how fast muggle mail goes.  I thought I'd send this with Pig anyway.

Harry stared at the word "Pig", then looked up at the little owl that was now darting around the ceiling light.  He had never seen anything less like a pig.  Maybe he couldn't read Ron's writings.  He returned to the letter:

We're coming for you, whether the Muggles like it or not, you can't stop me.When you miss the World Cup, only mom and dad think it's better to pretend to ask them for permission first.  If they say yes, send Cochon back with your answer promptly, and we will pick you up on Sunday at five o'clock.  If they say no, send Pig away immediately and we'll pick you up anyway on Sunday at five.
Hermione is arriving this afternoon.  Percy started work - the Department of International Magical Cooperation.  Don't mention anything foreign while you're here, unless you want the pants off you.
See you soon - Ron

"Calm down!" Harry said as the little owl flew low overhead, chirping wildly with what Harry could only assume was pride at having delivered the letter to the right person. “Come here, I need you to take back my answer!”
The owl flew to the top of Hedwig's cage.  Hedwig looked at him coldly, as if daring him to try to come closer.
Harry picked up his eagle quill again, grabbed a new piece of parchment and wrote:

Ron, it's okay, the Muggles say I can come. See you tomorrow at five. I can not wait. Harry

He folded this very small note and, with immense difficulty, attached it to the leg of the little owl who was jumping up and down with excitement.  As soon as the ticket was secured, the owl took off again; he zoomed out of the window and out of sight.
Harry turned to Hedwig.
“Want a long trip?” he asked him.
Hedwig hooted in a dignified manner.
"Can you take this to Sirius for me?" he said, picking up his letter. "Wait...I just want to get this over with."
He unfolded the parchment and hastily added a postscript.

If you would like to contact me, I will be at my friend Ron Weasley's house for the rest of the summer. His dad bought us tickets to the Quidditch World Cup!

Once the letter was finished, he tied it to Hedwig's leg; she stood unusually still, as if determined to show him how a real post owl should behave.
"I'll be at Ron's when you get back, okay?" Harry told him.
She nipped his finger affectionately, then, with a slight rustling sound, spread her huge wings and flew out the open window.
Harry looked at her out of sight, then crawled under his bed, ripped up the floorboards and pulled out a large piece of birthday cake.  He sat on the ground, eating it, savoring the happiness that overwhelmed him.  He had cake and Dudley only had grapefruit; it was a beautiful summer day, he would be leaving Privet Drive tomorrow, his scar looked perfectly normal again and he was going to watch the Quidditch World Cup.  It was hard, right now, to worry about anything – even Lord Voldemort.

CHAPTER FOUR - RETURN TO THE Burrow

The next day, at noon, Harry's school trunk was filled with his school belongings and all his most precious possessions: the invisibility cloak he had inherited from his father, the broomstick he had obtained from Sirius, the enchanted map of Hogwarts that he had been given by Fred and George Weasley last year.  He had emptied his hiding place under the floorboards of all food, checked every nook and cranny of his room for forgotten spellbooks or quills, and taken the chart on the wall counting the days until September 1st, on which he liked to cross off the days remaining until his return to Hogwarts.
The atmosphere inside number four, Privet Drive, was extremely tense. The impending arrival at their home of an assortment of wizards made the Dursleys tense and irritable. Uncle Vernon had looked downright alarmed when Harry had informed him that the Weasleys would be arriving at five the next day.
"I hope you told those people to dress properly," he growled immediately.  "I've seen the kind of things you wear." They better have the decency to put on normal clothes, that's all.
Harry felt a slight foreboding. He had rarely seen Mr. or Mrs. Weasley wearing anything the Dursleys would call 'normal'.  Their children could wear muggle clothes during the holidays, but Mr. and Mrs. Weasley generally wore long, more or less shabby dresses.  Harry didn't care what the neighbors would think, but he did worry about how rude the Dursleys would be to the Weasleys if they presented themselves as their worst idea of ​​wizards.
Uncle Vernon had put on his best suit.  To some people it might have seemed like a welcoming gesture, but Harry knew it was because Uncle Vernon wanted to appear impressive and intimidating.  Dudley, on the other hand, looked somewhat diminished.  It was not because the diet was finally taking effect, but out of fear.  Dudley had emerged from his last encounter with an adult wizard with a curly pigtail sticking out of the bottom of his pants, and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon had had to pay for its removal at a private hospital in London.  So it wasn't entirely surprising that Dudley kept nervously running his hand over his butt and walking sideways from room to room, so as not to introduce himself.the same target to the enemy.
Lunch was an almost silent meal.  Dudley didn't even protest the food (cottage cheese and shredded celery).  Aunt Petunia didn't eat anything at all.  Her arms were crossed, her lips pursed and she seemed to be chewing her tongue, as if to hold back the furious diatribe she wanted to launch at Harry.
“They’ll drive, of course?” Uncle Vernon barked across the table.
"Um," Harry said.
He hadn't thought about it. How were the Weasleys going to get it back?  They no longer had a car; the old Ford Anglia they once owned was currently running wild in the Hogwarts Forbidden Forest.  But Mr. Weasley had borrowed a car from the Ministry of Magic last year; maybe he would do the same thing today?
"I think so," Harry said.
Uncle Vernon snorted into his mustache.  Normally, Uncle Vernon would have asked what car Mr. Weasley was driving; he tended to judge other men based on the size and price of their cars.  But Harry doubted Uncle Vernon would have liked Mr. Weasley even if he drove a Ferrari.
Harry spent most of the afternoon in his room; he couldn't bear to see Aunt Petunia peeking through the mesh curtains every few seconds, as if there was a warning about a runaway rhino.  Finally, at a quarter to five, Harry came back downstairs and entered the living room.
Aunt Petunia compulsively straightened the cushions.  Uncle Vernon pretended to read the paper, but his little eyes didn't move, and Harry was sure he was really listening with all his might to the sound of an approaching car.  Dudley was crammed into an armchair, his large hands beneath him, clenched tightly around his ass.  Harry couldn't stand the tension; He left the room and went to sit on the hallway stairs, his eyes glued to his watch and his heart beating fast with excitement and nervousness.
But five o'clock came and went. Uncle Vernon, sweating slightly in his suit, opened the front door, scanned the street up and down, then quickly removed his head.
"They are late !" » he growled at Harry.
I know," Harry said. "Maybe… uh… the traffic is bad, or something.”
Ten past five… then quarter past five… Harry was starting to feel anxious himself now.  At half past one, he heard Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia conversing in terse mutterings in the living room.
“No consideration at all.”
“We might have had an engagement.”
“Maybe they think they’ll be invited to dinner if they’re late.”
"Well, they certainly won't be," Uncle Vernon said, and Harry heard him get up and start pacing the living room.  "They'll take the boy and go, there won't be any hanging around. That's if they come at all. They probably got the wrong day. I dare say their species doesn't give much thought to of importance to punctuality Either that or they're driving a tin car that's broken d- AAAAAAAARRRRRRGH!”
Harry jumped up.  From the other side of the living room door came the sounds of the three Dursleys rushing, panicked, across the room.  The next moment, Dudley came running down the hall, looking terrified.
"What happened?" Harry said.  "What is the problem?"
But Dudley didn't seem able to speak.  With his hands still clenched on his ass, he waddled as quickly as he could to the kitchen.  Harry rushed into the living room.
Loud banging and scratching came from behind the Dursleys' closed fireplace, in front of which was a fake coal fire.
"What is this?" » gasped Aunt Petunia, who had backed up against the wall and was staring, terrified, towards the fire.  "What is it, Vernon?"
But they remained in doubt for barely a second longer.  Voices could be heard inside the blocked chimney.
"Ouch! Fred, no - come back, come back, there's been some kind of mistake - tell George not to - OUCH! George, no, there's no room, come back quickly and tell Ron- "
"Maybe Harry can hear us, Dad – maybe he can let us out-"
There was a loud pounding of fists on the boards behind the electric fire.
"Harry? Harry, can you hear us?"
The Dursleys turned on Harry like two angry wolverines.
"What is this?" Uncle Vernon growled. "What is going on?"
"They...they tried to get here with floo powder," Harry said, fighting the urge to laugh.  "They can travel through fire - only you blocked the chimney - hang on -"
He approached the fireplace and called through the boards.
"Mr. Weasley?" Can you hear me ?
The hammering stopped.  Someone inside the fireplace said, “Shh!
"Mr. Weasley, it's Harry...the chimney has been blocked. You won't be able to get through there."
"Condemn!" said Mr. Weasley's voice.  “Why the hell did they want to block the chimney?”
"They have an electric fire," Harry explained.
"Really?" Mr. Weasley's voice said excitedly.  "Eclectic, you say? With a take? Graceful, I have to see that.... Let's think... ouch, Ron!"
Ron's voice now joined that of the others.
“What are we doing here?” Something is wrong ?
"Oh no, Ron," Fred's voice said, very sarcastic.  "No, that's exactly where we wantedfinish."
“Yeah, we're having the time of our lives here,” George said, his voice muffled, like he was being crushed against the wall.
"Boys, boys..." Mr. Weasley said vaguely.  "I'm trying to think about what I should do... Yes... the only way... Back off, Harry."
Harry retreated to the sofa.  Uncle Vernon, however, moved forward.
"Wait a minute!" » he yelled in front of the fire.  “What exactly are you going to do –”
SLAM.
Electric fire raced through the room as the closed fireplace exploded outwards, sending Mr. Weasley, Fred, George and Ron out in a cloud of rubble and shavings.  Aunt Petunia screamed and fell backwards onto the coffee table; Uncle Vernon caught her before she hit the ground and gaped at the Weasleys, who all had bright red hair, including Fred and George, who were identical down to the last freckle.
"That's better," Mr. Weasley panted, dusting off his long green robes and straightening his glasses.  "Ah – you must be Harry's uncle and aunt!"
Tall, thin and bald, he walked towards Uncle Vernon with his hand outstretched, but Uncle Vernon took several steps back, dragging Aunt Petunia with him.  Uncle Vernon was completely at a loss for words.  His best suit was covered in white dust that had settled into his hair and mustache and made him look like he was just thirty years old.
“Um – yes – sorry about that,” Mr. Weasley said, lowering his hand and looking over his shoulder at the toasty fireplace.  "It's all my fault. I just hadn't considered that we wouldn't be able to come out the other end. I had connected your chimney to the chimney network, you see - just for an afternoon, you know , so we can have Harry Muggle floos aren't supposed to be connected, strictly speaking - but I have a helpful contact at the floo regulation panel and he fixed it for me, I can sort it out in one. jiffy, though, don't worry I'll light a fire to send the boys away, and then I can fix your chimney before I disapparate.
Harry was willing to bet the Dursleys hadn't understood a single word of this.  They were still gaping at Mr. Weasley, stunned.  Aunt Petunia sat up again and hid behind Uncle Vernon.
"Hello, Harry!" » said Mr. Weasley sharply.  “Is your trunk ready?”
"It's upstairs," Harry said, smiling back.
“We’ll have it,” Fred said immediately.  Winking at Harry, he and George left the room.  They knew where Harry's room was, having previously saved him in the middle of the night.  Harry suspected that Fred and George were hoping to catch a glimpse of Dudley; they had heard a lot about him from Harry.
"Well," Mr. Weasley said, swinging his arms slightly, as he tried to find words to break the very bad silence.  “Very… uh… very nice place you have here.”
As the usually immaculate living room was now covered in dust and bits of brick, this remark did not sit well with the Dursleys.  Uncle Vernon's face turned red once more and Aunt Petunia began chewing her tongue again.  However, they seemed too scared to say anything.
Mr. Weasley looked around.  He loved everything Muggle related.  Harry could see him eager to go examine the television and VCR.
“They’re running from eckeltricity, aren’t they?” he said knowingly. “Ah yes, I see the corks. I collect corks,” he added to Uncle Vernon. "And batteries. I have a very large collection of batteries. My wife thinks I'm crazy, but there you go."
Uncle Vernon clearly thought Mr. Weasley was crazy too.  He moved slightly to the right, hiding Aunt Petunia, as if he thought Mr. Weasley might suddenly rush at them and attack them.
Dudley suddenly reappeared in the room.  Harry could hear the sound of his trunk coming down the stairs, and knew that those noises had scared Dudley out of the kitchen.  Dudley walked along the wall, looking at Mr. Weasley with terrified eyes, and tried to hide behind his mother and father.  Unfortunately, Uncle Vernon's bulk, while enough to hide bony Aunt Petunia, was nowhere near enough to hide Dudley.
"Ah, he's your cousin, isn't he, Harry?" said Mr. Weasley, once again bravely trying to strike up a conversation.
"Yeah," Harry said, "it's Dudley."
He and Ron exchanged glances then quickly turned away from each other; the temptation to burst out laughing was almost unbearable.  Dudley was still holding his butt as if he was afraid it would fall off.  Mr. Weasley, however, seemed genuinely concerned about Dudley's peculiar behavior.  Indeed, from the tone of his voice when he spoke next, Harry was quite sure that Mr. Weasley thought that Dudley was just as crazy as the Dursleys thought, except that Mr. Weasley felt rather sympathetic. than fear.
"Are you having a good holiday, Dudley?" he said kindly.
Dudley groaned.  Harry saw her hands squeeze even tighter on his huge behind.
Fred and George came back into the room with Harry's school trunk.  They looked around as they entered and spotted Dudley.  Their faces were identicalevil smiles.
"Ah, that's right," said Mr. Weasley.  “Better crack on then. »
He rolled up the sleeves of his robes and took out his wand.  Harry saw the Dursleys retreating against the wall as one.
" Fire ! » said Mr. Weasley, pointing his wand at the hole in the wall behind him.
The flames immediately rose in the chimney, crackling happily as if they had been burning for hours.  Mr. Weasley took a small drawstring bag from his pocket, untied it, took a pinch of the powder inside and threw it onto the flames, which turned emerald green and roared higher than ever.
"Then go ahead, Fred," Mr. Weasley said.
“I’m coming,” said Fred.  “Oh no – wait –”
A bag of candy had spilled out of Fred's pocket and the contents were now rolling in all directions – big, fat caramels in brightly colored wrappers.
Fred rushed over, putting them back in his pocket, then waved happily to the Dursleys, stepped forward and headed straight for the fire, saying "The Burrow!"  Aunt Petunia let out a little shuddering cry.  There was a whistle and Fred disappeared.
"In that case, George," said Mr. Weasley, "you and the trunk."
Harry helped George carry the trunk towards the flames and turn it on its end so he could hold it better.  Then, with a second whoosh, George had shouted “the Burrow!” and disappeared too.
"Ron, you're next," Mr. Weasley said.
"See you soon," Ron said cheerfully to the Dursleys.  He smiled widely at Harry, then stepped into the fire and shouted “the Burrow! » and disappeared.
Now Harry and Mr. Weasley were left alone.
"Well...goodbye then," Harry said to the Dursleys.
They didn't say anything at all.  Harry moved towards the fire, but just as he reached the edge of the hearth, Mr. Weasley reached out and stopped him.  He looked at the Dursleys in astonishment.
"Harry said goodbye to you," he said. “Didn’t you hear it?”
"It doesn't matter," Harry muttered to Mr. Weasley.  “I honestly don’t care.”
Mr. Weasley didn't remove his hand from Harry's shoulder.
"You won't see your nephew until next summer," he said to Uncle Vernon with slight indignation.  “Surely you’re going to say goodbye?”
Uncle Vernon's face flashed furiously.  The idea of ​​being taught consideration by a man who had just knocked down half the wall in his living room seemed to cause him intense suffering. But Mr. Weasley's wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon's little eyes turned to her once, before he said, with great resentment, "Goodbye, then."
"See you soon," Harry said, stepping a foot into the green flames, which felt pleasantly like warm breathing.  Just then, however, a horrible retching sound erupted behind him, and Aunt Petunia began to scream.
Harry turned around. Dudley was no longer behind his parents. He was kneeling by the coffee table, and he was gagging and spitting on a foot-long slimy purple thing that was protruding from his mouth.  A second later, baffled, Harry realized that the foot-long thing was Dudley's tongue – and that a brightly colored toffee wrapper was lying on the floor in front of him.
Aunt Petunia threw herself on the ground next to Dudley, grabbed the tip of his swollen tongue and tried to pull it from his mouth; Unsurprisingly, Dudley screamed and spluttered louder than ever, trying to push her away. Uncle Vernon bellowed and waved his arms, and Mr. Weasley had to shout to be heard.
“Don’t worry, I can fix it!”  he shouted, advancing on Dudley with his wand outstretched, but Aunt Petunia screamed louder than ever and threw herself at Dudley, protecting him from Mr. Weasley.
"Not really!" » said Mr. Weasley desperately.  "It's a simple process, it was the toffee - my son Fred - a real prankster - but it's just an engorgement charm - at least I think it is - if he please, I can correct it -"
But far from being reassured, the Dursleys became even more panicked; Aunt Petunia was sobbing hysterically, sticking out Dudley's tongue as if determined to rip it out; Dudley seemed to be suffocating under the combined pressure of his mother and her tongue; and Uncle Vernon, who had completely lost control, grabbed a porcelain figurine from the top of the sideboard and threw it hard at Mr. Weasley, who dodged, causing the ornament to shatter in the lightning-struck fireplace .
“Now, really!” said Mr. Weasley angrily, brandishing his wand.  “I’m trying to help!”
Screaming like a wounded hippopotamus, Uncle Vernon grabbed another decoration.
"Harry, go! Go!"  Mr. Weasley shouted, his wand aimed at Uncle Vernon.  “I’ll fix this!”
Harry didn't want to miss the party, but Uncle Vernon's second ornament narrowly missed his left ear, and overall he thought it was best to leave the situation to Mr. Weasley.  He stepped into the fire, looking over his shoulder and saying, "The Burrow!" » His last fleeting glimpse of the living room was of Mr. Weasley blasting a third ornament from Uncle Vernon's hand with his wand, of Aunt Petunia screaming and lying on top of Dudley, and of Dudley's pincers.we lounge around like a big slimy python.  But the next moment, Harry had started spinning very quickly, and the Dursleys' living room was swept out of sight in a wave of emerald green flames.

CHAPTER FIVE - WEASLEY'S WIZARDS

Harry spun faster and faster, elbows pressed against his sides, blurry fireplaces flashing in front of him, until he started to feel sick and closed his eyes.  Then, when he finally felt himself slowing down, he raised his hands and stopped in time to stop himself from falling face down out of the Weasley kitchen fire.
“Did he eat it?” Fred said excitedly, holding out his hand to pull Harry towards his fee.
"Yeah," Harry said, sitting up.  "What was that?"
“Ton-Tongue Toffee,” said Fred cheerfully.  “George and I invented them, and we looked for someone to test them all summer…”
The little kitchen burst out laughing; Harry looked around and saw that Ron and George were sitting at the polished wooden table with two red-haired people Harry had never seen before, although he immediately knew who they must be: Bill and Charlie, the two older Weasley brothers.
"How are you, Harry?" said the closer of the two, smiling at him and holding out a large hand, which Harry shook, feeling calluses and blisters beneath his fingers.  It must have been Charlie, who worked with dragons in Romania.  Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky.  He had a broad, good-natured face, weather-beaten and so freckled that he seemed almost tanned; his arms were muscular and one of them had a large, shiny burn.
Bill stood up smiling and shook Harry's hand as well.  Bill was a surprise.  Harry knew that he worked for the wizarding bank, Gringotts, and that Bill had been Head Boy at Hogwarts; Harry had always imagined Bill to be an older version of Percy: hard to break rules and loving to boss everyone around.  However, Bill was - there was no other word - cool.  He was tall, with long hair tied in a ponytail.  He wore an earring with what looked like a fang dangling from it.  Bill's clothes wouldn't have looked out of place at a rock concert, except Harry recognized that his boots were made, not of leather, but of dragon skin.
Before either of them could say anything else, there was a soft pop, and Mr. Weasley appeared out of nowhere at George's shoulder.  He looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him.
“That wasn’t funny Fred!” He shouted. "What did you give that muggle boy?"
“I didn’t give him anything,” Fred said, with another evil smile.  I just let him down... It was his fault he went to eat it, I never told him.
“You dropped it on purpose!” » roared Mr. Weasley.  “You knew he would eat it, you knew he was on a diet –”
“How big is his tongue?” » asked George impatiently.
“He was four feet long before his parents let me shrink him!”
Harry and the Weasleys burst out laughing again.
"It's not funny !" Mr. Weasley shouted.  "This kind of behavior seriously damages wizard-Muggle relations! I spend half my life campaigning against the mistreatment of Muggles and my own sons.
"We didn't give it to him because he's a Muggle!" Fred said indignantly.
“No, we gave it to him because he’s a big asshole bully,” George said.  "Isn't that right, Harry?"
"Yes, that's true, Mr. Weasley," Harry said sincerely.
“That’s not the point!” » raged Mr. Weasley.  “Wait until I tell your mother –”
"Tell me what?" said a voice behind them.
Mrs. Weasley had just entered the kitchen.  She was a short, plump woman, with a very kind face, although her eyes were currently narrowed in suspicion.
"Oh hello, Harry, darling," she said, spotting him and smiling.  Then her eyes turned to her husband. “Tell me what, Arthur?”
Mr. Weasley hesitated.  Harry could tell that although he was angry at Fred and George, he didn't really intend to tell Mrs. Weasley what had happened.  There was silence as Mr. Weasley looked nervously at his wife.  Then two girls appeared at the kitchen door behind Mrs. Weasley.  One of them, with very bushy brown hair and rather large front teeth, was Harry and Ron's friend, Hermione Granger.  The other, short and red-headed, was Ron's younger sister, Ginny. They both smiled at Harry, who smiled back, which made Ginny turn red – she had been very attracted to Harry since his first visit to the Burrow.
“Tell me what, Arthur?”  Mrs. Weasley repeated, in a dangerous voice.
"It's nothing, Molly," Mr. Weasley muttered, "Fred and George just - but I had words with them -"
“What did they do this time?” said Mrs. Weasley.  "If it has anything to do with the Weasleys' wizard whistling -"
"Why don't you show Harry where he sleeps, Ron?" Hermione said from the door.
"He knows where he sleeps," said Ron, "in my room, he slept there last time -"
"We can all go," Hermione said urgently.
"Oh," Ron said, pulling himself together."RIGHT."
“Yeah, we’ll come too,” George said.
“Stay where you are!” growled Mrs. Weasley.
Harry and Ron came out of the kitchen, and they, Hermione and Ginny headed down the narrow hallway and up the rickety staircase that zigzagged through the house to the upper floors.
"What are Weasley wizard whistles?" Harry asked as they went upstairs.
Ron and Ginny both laughed, but Hermione didn't.
"Mum found this stack of order forms while she was cleaning Fred and George's room," Ron said softly.  "Really long price lists for stuff they invented. Jokes, you know. Fake wands and trick candies, lots of stuff. It was great, I never knew they had invented all that..."
"We've been hearing explosions outside their room for ages, but we never thought they were actually making things," Ginny said.  “We thought they just liked the noise.”
"Only, most of the stuff - well, all of it, really - was a bit dangerous," Ron said, "and, you know, they were planning to sell it at Hogwarts to make money, and Mum got mad at it. Told them they weren't allowed to make any more and burned all the purchase orders... She's mad at them anyway, they didn't get as much OWL as she did. expected it.
The O.W.L. were ordinary levels of wizardry, the exams that Hogwarts students took at the age of fifteen.
"And then there was this big argument," said Ginny, "because Mum wants them to go into the Ministry of Magic like Dad, and they told her that all they wanted was to open a joke shop."
Just then, a door on the second landing opened and a face appeared wearing horn-rimmed glasses and a very bored expression.
"Hey, Percy," Harry said.
"Oh hello, Harry," Percy said.  "I was wondering who was making all the noise. I'm trying to work here, you know, I have a report to finish for the office - and it's kind of hard to concentrate when people are rushing up and down the stairs "
"We're not thundering," Ron said irritably.  "We're walking. Sorry if we disrupted the top-secret workings of the Ministry of Magic."
“What are you working on?” Harry said.
"A report for the Department of International Magical Cooperation," Percy said smugly. "We're trying to standardize the thickness of the cauldrons. Some of these foreign imports are just a little too thin - leaks have been increasing at a rate of almost three percent per year -"
“This will change the world, this report will,” Ron said. "The front page of the Daily Prophet, I guess, the cauldron is leaking."
Percy turned slightly pink.
“You might sneer, Ron,” he said hotly, “but unless some sort of international law is imposed, we may well find the market flooded with flimsy, shallow-bottomed products that seriously endanger… "
"Yeah, yeah, okay," Ron said, and headed back upstairs.  Percy slammed his bedroom door.  As Harry, Hermione, and Ginny followed Ron down three more floors, screams from the kitchen below rang out to them.  It was as if Mr. Weasley had told Mrs. Weasley about the toffees.
The room at the top of the house where Ron slept looked much like it had the last time Harry had stayed there: the same posters of Ron's favorite Quidditch team, the Chudley Cannons, swirled and waved on the sloping walls and ceiling, and the aquarium on the windowsill, which previously contained frog spawn, now contained an extremely large frog. Ron's old rat, Scabbers, was gone, but instead there was the little gray owl who had delivered Ron's letter to Harry at Privet Drive.  He was jumping up and down in a small cage and chirping madly.
"Shut up, Pig," Ron said, pushing his way between two of the four beds that had been crowded into the room.  "Fred and George are here with us, because Bill and Charlie are in their room," he told Harry.  "Percy can keep his room to himself because he has to work."
"Um... why do you call this owl Pig?" Harry asked Ron.
"Because he's stupid," said Ginny, "His real name is Pigwidgeon."
"Yeah, and it's not a stupid name at all," Ron said sarcastically.  "Ginny named it," he explained to Harry.  "She thinks it's cute. And I tried to change him, but it was too late, he doesn't respond to anything else. So now he's Pig. I have to keep him here because It annoys Errol and Hermes It annoys me too, come here.
Pigwidgeon happily zoomed around his cage, hooting shrilly.  Harry knew Ron too well to take him seriously.  He had continually complained about his old rat, Scabbers, but had been very upset when Hermione's cat, Crookshanks, seemed to have eaten him.
“Where is Crookshanks?” Harry asked Hermione now.
“In the garden, I suppose,” she said. "He likes to hunt gnomes. He's never seen one before."
"Percy likes to work, then?"  Harry said, sitting down on one of the beds and watching the Chudley Cannons zoom in on the posters on the ceiling.
" How do you like it ? » Ron said darkly.  "I don't think he'd come home if Dad didn't make him. He's obsessed. Don't understand it."about his boss.  According to Mr. Crouch... as I told Mr. Crouch... Mr. Crouch is of the opinion... Mr. Crouch told me... They will announce their engagement any day later other."
"Did you have a good summer, Harry?"  Hermione said.  “Did you get our food packages and everything? »
"Yeah, thank you very much," Harry said.  “They saved my life, these cakes.
“And have you heard from –?”  Ron began, but faced with Hermione's look, he fell silent. Harry knew Ron was about to ask about Sirius.  Ron and Hermione had been so deeply involved in helping Sirius escape from the Ministry of Magic that they were almost as concerned about Harry's godfather as he was.  However, discussing him in front of Ginny was a bad idea. No one except themselves and Professor Dumbledore knew how Sirius had escaped, nor did they believe in his innocence.
"I think they stopped arguing," Hermione said, to cover the awkward moment, because Ginny was looking at Ron and Harry curiously.  “Should we go down and help your mother with dinner?”
"Yeah, okay," Ron said.  The four of them left Ron's room and came back downstairs to find Mrs. Weasley alone in the kitchen, looking extremely grumpy.
“We eat outside in the garden,” she said when they entered. "There's just no room for eleven people in here. Could you girls put out the plates? Bill and Charlie are setting the tables. Knives and forks, please, both of you," she said at Ron and Harry, pointing her wand a little more vigorously than she had intended at a pile of potatoes in the sink, which burst out of their skins so fast that they ricocheted off the walls and ceiling. .
"Oh for heaven's sake," she said dryly, now pointing her wand at a dustpan, which jumped off the sideboard and began skating across the floor, scooping up the potatoes.  "Those two there!" she burst out wildly, now pulling pots and pans out of a cupboard, and Harry knew she was talking about Fred and George.  I don't know what's going to happen to them, I really don't. No ambition, unless you plan to create as much trouble as possible...."
Mrs. Weasley placed a large copper saucepan on the kitchen table and began waving her wand inside it.  Creamy sauce dripped from the end of the baguette as she stirred.
“It’s not as if they don’t have brains,” she continued irritably, bringing the pan to the fire and lighting it with another flick of her wand, “but they’re wasting them, and unless they get their act together soon, they'll be in real trouble.  I've had more Hogwarts owls about them than the others combined.  If they continue on their path, they will find themselves in front of the office of misuse of magic. »
Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at the cutlery drawer, which flew open.  Harry and Ron both jumped as several knives came out, flew across the kitchen and began chopping the potatoes, which had just been thrown into the sink by the dustpan.
"I don't know where we went wrong with them," Mrs. Weasley said, putting down her wand and starting to bring out more pans.  "It's been the same for years, one thing after another, and they won't listen - OH NOT AGAIN!"
She picked up her wand from the table, and it made a loud squeak and turned into a giant rubber mouse.
“Another one of their fake wands!” she screamed.  “How many times have I told them not to leave them lying around?”
She grabbed her real baguette and turned around to see that the sauce on the stove was smoking.
"Come on," Ron said hurriedly to Harry, grabbing a handful of cutlery from the open drawer, "let's go help Bill and Charlie."
They left Mrs. Weasley and headed out the back door into the courtyard.
They had only taken a few steps when Hermione's bandaged ginger cat, Crookshanks, came storming out of the garden, its bottlebrush tail held high in the air, chasing what looked like a muddy potato on paws.  Harry instantly recognized him as a gnome.  Barely ten inches tall, his little horny paws crackled fast as he sprinted across the yard and dove headlong into one of the Wellington boots scattered around the gate.  Harry could hear the gnome laughing madly as Crookshanks inserted a paw into the boot, trying to reach it. Meanwhile, a very loud crashing noise came from the other side of the house.  The source of the commotion was revealed when they entered the garden and saw that Bill and Charlie had both drawn their wands and were causing two old, battered tables to fly across the lawn, crashing into each other. each other, each trying to knock out the other. air.  Fred and George were clapping, Ginny was laughing, and Hermione was standing by the hedge, seemingly torn between amusement and anxiety.
Bill's table hit Charlie's with a huge thud and tore off his leg.  There was a noise above them, and they all looked up to see Percy's head poking out of a second story window.
“Do you want to keep it low?!” he bellowed.
“Sorry, Pe“Yes,” Bill said, smiling. “How are the bottoms of the cauldron?”
"Very bad," Percy said sullenly, and slammed the window.  Laughing, Bill and Charlie steered the tables safely onto the grass, end to end, then, with a wave of his wand, Bill reattached the table leg and made tablecloths appear out of thin air.
Around seven o'clock, both tables groaned under the platters and platters of Mrs. Weasley's excellent cooking, and the nine Weasleys, Harry and Hermione settled down to eat under a clear, deep blue sky.  For someone who had lived with increasingly stale cakes all summer, it was heaven, and at first Harry listened rather than spoke as he helped himself to a chicken and cheese pie. ham, boiled potatoes and salad.
At the end of the table, Percy was telling his father about his report on the cauldron bottoms.
"I told Mr. Crouch I'll have it ready by Tuesday," Percy said pompously. "It's a little earlier than expected, but I like to stay on top of things. I think he'll be grateful that he made it on time, I mean, it's extremely busy in our department right now moment, with what." all arrangements for the World Cup. We're just not getting the support we need from the Department of Magical Games and Sports -"
"I like Ludo," Mr. Weasley said softly. "He's the one who gave us such good tickets for the Cup. I did him a little favor: his brother Otto got into trouble - a lawn mower with supernatural powers - I sorted everything out."
"Oh Bagman is nice enough, sure," Percy said dismissively, "but how did he manage to become head of department... when I compare him to Mr. Crouch! I can't see Mr. Crouch losing a limb from our department and doesn't try to find out what happened to them. Do you realize that Bertha Jorkins has been missing for over a month now? She went on vacation to Albania and never came back?
"Yes, I was asking Ludo about that," Mr. Weasley said with a frown.  "He says Bertha has gotten lost several times before – but I have to admit, if it was someone in my department, I'd be worried. . . ."
"Oh, Bertha is desperate, all right," Percy said.  "I heard she's been moved from department to department for years, way more trouble than she's worth...but still, Bagman should try to find her. Mr. Crouch takes a personal interest in it, she worked in our department at one time, you know, and I think Mr. Crouch really liked her - but Bagman keeps laughing and saying she probably read it wrong the map and she ended up in Australia instead of Albania” – Percy let out an impressive sigh and. "We have enough on our plate at the Department of International Magical Cooperation without trying to find members from other departments as well. As you know, we have another big event to organize right after the World Cup."
Percy cleared his throat significantly and looked down at the end of the table where Harry, Ron and Hermione were sitting.  “You know who I’m talking about, Father.” He raised his voice slightly.  “Top secret.”
Ron rolled his eyes and whispered to Harry and Hermione, "He's been trying to make us ask what this event has been since he started work." Probably an exhibition of heavy-bottomed cauldrons.
In the middle of the table, Mrs. Weasley was arguing with Bill about her earring, which appeared to be a recent acquisition.
"...with a horrible big fang on it. Really, Bill, what do they say at the bank?"
“Mom, no one at the bank cares how I dress as long as I bring home lots of treasures,” Bill said patiently.
"And your hair is getting ridiculous, darling," Mrs. Weasley said, touching her wand lovingly. "I wish you'd let me cut them. . . ."
"I like it," said Ginny, who was sitting next to Bill.  "You're so old-fashioned, Mum. It's nowhere near as long as Professor Dumbledore's anyway..."
Next to Mrs. Weasley, Fred, George and Charlie were all talking excitedly about the World Cup.
“It must be Ireland,” Charlie said thickly, through a mouthful of potato.  “They crushed Peru in the semi-final.”
“But Bulgaria has Viktor Krum,” said Fred.
“Krum is the only good player, Ireland have seven,” Charlie said shortly.  "I wish England would have gotten away with it. It was embarrassing, of course."
"What happened?" Harry said eagerly, regretting more than ever his isolation from the wizarding world when he was stuck on Privet Drive.
“I went to Transylvania, three hundred and ninety to ten,” Charlie said gloomily. "Shocking performance. And Wales lost to Uganda, and Scotland were massacred by Luxembourg."
Harry had been on the Gryffindor House Quidditch team since his first year at Hogwarts and owned one of the best racing brooms in the world, a Firebolt.  Flying came more naturally to Harry than anything else in the magical world, and he played the role of Seeker on the Gryffindor House team.
Mr. Weasley mentionedThey lit candles to light the darkening garden before enjoying their homemade strawberry ice cream, and by the time they were finished, moths were fluttering low above the table and the warm air was fragrant smells of grass and honeysuckle.  Harry felt extremely well fed and at peace with the world as he watched several gnomes sprint through the rose bushes, laughing manically and being closely pursued by Crookshanks.
Ron looked carefully around the table to check that the rest of the family was busy talking, then said very quietly to Harry, "So… have you heard from Sirius lately?"
Hermione looked around, listening carefully.
"Yeah," Harry said softly, "twice. He seems good. I wrote to him yesterday. He might get back to me while I'm here."
He suddenly remembered why he had written to Sirius, and for a moment he was about to tell Ron and Hermione about his scar that still hurt, and the dream that had woken him... but he really didn't want to worry. them just now, not when he himself felt so happy and peaceful.
"Look at the time," Mrs. Weasley said suddenly, checking her wristwatch.  "You should really be in bed, you'll all be up at dawn to go to the Cup. Harry, if you leave your school list aside, I'll pick up your things tomorrow at Diagon. Alley. I'll get the one from everyone. There may not be time after the World Cup, the match lasted five days last time.
“Wow, I hope that’s the case this time!” Harry said enthusiastically.
"Well, definitely not," Percy said sanctimoniously.  “I shudder to think what my inbox would look like if I was away from work for five days.”
“Yeah, someone could slip some dragon dung in there again, huh, Percé?”  Fred said.
“It was a sample of fertilizer from Norway!”  Percy said, getting very red in the face. “It was nothing personal!”
"It was," Fred whispered to Harry as they rose from the table.  “We sent it.”

CHAPTER SIX - THE PORTKEY

Harry felt like he had barely lay down to cool off in Ron's room when he was awakened by Mrs. Weasley.
"It's time to go, Harry, darling," she whispered as she moved away to wake Ron.
Harry looked for his glasses, put them on and sat down.  It was still dark outside.  » Ron muttered indistinctly as his mother woke him.  At the foot of Harry's mattress, he saw two large disheveled shapes emerging from a tangle of blankets.
“Is it time already?”  » Fred said groggily.
They dressed in silence, too sleepy to speak, then, yawning and stretching, the four of them went down to the kitchen.
Mrs. Weasley was stirring the contents of a large saucepan on the stove, while Mr. Weasley sat at the table, checking a stack of large parchment tickets.  He looked up as the boys entered and spread his arms so they could see his clothes more clearly.  He was wearing what appeared to be a golf sweater and very old jeans, slightly too big for him and held up by a thick leather belt.
"What do you think ?"  » he asked anxiously.  "We're supposed to go incognito – do I look like a Muggle, Harry?"
"Yeah," Harry said smiling, "very good."
“Where are Bill, Charlie and Per-Per-Percy?”  » George said, unable to suppress a huge yawn.
"Well, they apparate, don't they?"  said Mrs. Weasley, lifting the large pot to the table and beginning to ladle porridge into bowls.  “So they can sleep in.”
Harry knew that apparating meant disappearing from one place and reappearing almost instantly in another, but he had never seen any Hogwarts student do it and he understood that it was very difficult.
“So they’re still in bed?”  » Fred said sullenly, pulling his bowl of porridge towards him. "Why can't we apparate too?"
"Because you're not an adult and you didn't pass your exam," Mrs. Weasley snapped. “And where did those girls go?”
She rushed out of the kitchen and they heard her coming up the stairs.
“Do you have to take a test to Apparate?”  » Harry asked.
"Oh yes," Mr. Weasley said, tucking the notes safely into the back pocket of his jeans. "The Department of Magical Transportation had to fine a few people the other day for apparating without a license. It's not easy, Apparition, and when it's not done correctly, it can lead to some nasty complications. This pair I'm talking about went and had a blast.
Everyone around the table except Harry grimaced.
“Uh…burst?” Harry said.
“They left half of themselves behind,” said Mr. Weasley, now pouring copious amounts of molasses over his porridge.  "So, of course, they were stuck. They couldn't move in any way. We had to wait for the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad to sort them out. That meant a lot of old paperwork, I can tell you, what about the Muggles who spotted the body parts they left behind...”
Harry had a sudden vision of a pair of legs and an eyeball abandoned on the sidewalk of Privet Drive.
“Were they okay?” » he asked, surprised.
"Oh yes," Mr. Weasley said matter-of-factly.  "But they received a heavy fine, andI don't think they'll try again in a hurry.  You're not kidding about apparating.  There are plenty of adult wizards who don't care.  Prefer brooms - slower, but safer."
"But Bill, Charlie and Percy can all do it?"
"Charlie had to take the test twice," Fred said, smiling.  “He failed the first time. He apparated five miles south of where he wanted to go, right on top of some poor old dear who was out shopping, remember?
"Yes, well, he succeeded the second time," said Mrs. Weasley, returning to the kitchen amidst hearty snickers.
“Percy died only two weeks ago,” George said.  “Since then, he's been apparating downstairs every morning, just to prove he can do it.
There were footsteps in the passage and Hermione and Ginny entered the kitchen, both pale and sleepy.
“Why do we have to get up so early?” » Ginny said, rubbing her eyes and sitting down at the table.
“We have a bit of a way to go,” Mr. Weasley said.
"To walk?" Harry said. “What, are we marching towards the World Cup?”  
"No, no, it's miles away," Mr. Weasley said, smiling.  "We only have to walk a short way. It's just that it's very difficult for large numbers of wizards to gather together without attracting the attention of Muggles. We have to be very careful how we Let's travel in the best of times, and on a special occasion." like the Quidditch World Cup..."
“George!” » Mrs. Weasley said abruptly, and they all jumped.
"What?" said Georges in an innocent tone which deceived no one.
“What’s that in your pocket?”
"Nothing!"
"Do not lie to me !"
Mrs. Weasley pointed her wand at George's pocket and said, "Accio!"
Several small, brightly colored objects came out of George's pocket; he caught them but missed, and they flew straight into Mrs. Weasley's outstretched hand.
“We told you to destroy them!” Mrs. Weasley said furiously, brandishing what was undoubtedly more toffee at her tongue. "We told you to get rid of all that stuff! Empty your pockets, you two go!"
It was an unpleasant scene; The twins had obviously been trying to get as many toffees out of the house as possible, and it was only by using her summoning spell that Mrs. Weasley managed to find them all.
"Accio! Accio! Accio!" she shouted, and the caramels flew out of all sorts of unlikely places, including the lining of George's jacket and the cuffs of Fred's jeans.
“We spent six months developing them!”  Fred yelled at his mother as she threw the caramels.
“Oh, that’s a nice way to spend six months!”  she screamed.  “No wonder you didn’t get more OWLS!”
Overall, the atmosphere was not very friendly upon departure.  Mrs. Weasley was still furious as she kissed Mr. Weasley on the cheek, but not as furious as the twins, who had each hoisted their backpacks onto their backs and walked out without saying a word to him.
"Well, have a good time," said Mrs. Weasley, "and behave," she called when the twins backed away, but they didn't turn around or answer.  "I'll send Bill, Charlie and Percy around noon," Mrs. Weasley said to Mr. Weasley, as he, Harry, Ron, Hermione and Ginny walked through the dark courtyard after Fred and George.
It was cool and the moon was still there.  Only a dull, greenish tint along the horizon to their right indicated that dawn was approaching.  Harry, after thinking about the thousands of wizards speeding towards the Quidditch World Cup, sped up to walk with Mr. Weasley.
"So how does everyone get there without all the Muggles noticing?" He asked.
"It's been a huge organizational problem," Mr. Weasley sighed.  "The problem is, we have about a hundred thousand wizards showing up for the World Cup, and of course we just don't have a magical venue big enough to accommodate them all. There are places where Muggles can't get in, but imagine trying to pack a hundred thousand wizards into Diagon Alley or onto platform nine and three quarters So we had to find a nice deserted moor and put in as many anti-measures. muggles as possible. The whole ministry has been working on it for months of course, we have to stagger arrivals. People with cheaper tickets have to arrive two weeks in advance. , but we can't let too many crowd their buses and trains - remember, wizards come from all over the world. Some apparate, of course, but we need to establish safe points for them to appear. far from Muggles. I believe there is a handy wood they use as an apparation point for those who don't want to. to apparate, or not, we use portkeys. These are items that are used to transport wizards from one place to another at a predetermined time.  You can form large groups at once if you need to.  There have been two hundred portkeys placed at strategic points around Britain, and the closest to us is at the top of Stoatshead Hill, so that's where we're heading. »
Mr. Weasley pointed ahead of them to where a large black mass rose beyond the village of Ottery St. Catchpole.
"What kind of object"The effects are Portkeys?" Harry said curiously.
"Well, they could be anything," Mr. Weasley said. "Inconspicuous things, obviously, so Muggles aren't going to pick them up and play with them...stuff they'll just think of as trash..."
They trudged down the dark, damp alley toward the village, the silence broken only by their footsteps.  The sky cleared ever so slowly as they passed through the village, its inky blackness diluting to the deepest blue.  Harry's hands and feet were frozen.  Mr. Weasley kept checking his watch.
They had no breath to speak as they began to climb Stoatshead Hill, occasionally stumbling into hidden burrows, slipping on thick clumps of black grass.  Every breath Harry took hitched in his chest and his legs were starting to seize up when, finally, his feet found level ground.
"Phew," Mr. Weasley panted, taking off his glasses and wiping them on his sweater. “Well, we saved ourselves some time – we have ten minutes.” 
Hermione crested the hill last, clutching a point on her side.
"Now we just need the Portkey," Mr. Weasley said, replacing his glasses and narrowing his eyes at the ground.  "It won't be big... Come on..."
They scattered, searching.  However, they had only been working there for a few minutes when a scream tore through the still air.
"This way, Arthur! This way, son, we have it."
Two large figures stood out against the starry sky on the other side of the hill.
“Amos! " said Mr. Weasley, smiling as he walked towards the man who had shouted.  The others followed.
Mr. Weasley was shaking hands with a red-faced wizard with a shaggy brown beard, who was holding an old, moldy boot in his other hand.
"It's Amos Diggory, everyone," Mr. Weasley said.  “He works for the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. And I think you know his son, Cédric?
Cedric Diggory was a very handsome boy of around seventeen.  He was captain and seeker of the Hufflepuff House Quidditch team at Hogwarts.
"Hi," Cedric said looking at them all.
Everyone said hello, except Fred and George, who just nodded.  They had never really forgiven Cedric for beating their team, Gryffindor, in the first Quidditch match the previous year.
“Long walk, Arthur?”  » asked Cedric's father.  "Not too bad," said Mr. Weasley.  "We live just on the other side of the village. And you?"
"We had to get up at two, didn't we, Ced?" I tell you, I'll be happy when he gets his Apparition test. However... I'm not complaining... I wouldn't miss the Quidditch World Cup though. a bag full of galleons - and the tickets cost about that. Mind you, it looks like I got off easy. Amos Diggory looked good-naturedly at the three Weasley boys, Harry, Hermione and Ginny.  “Is this all yours, Arthur?”
"Oh no, only redheads," Mr. Weasley said, pointing to his children.  "This is Hermione, a friend of Ron's - and Harry, another friend -"
"Merlin's beard," Amos Diggory said, eyes wide. "Harry? Harry Potter?"
"Um... yeah," Harry said.
Harry was used to people looking at him curiously when they met him, used to the way their eyes immediately turned to the lightning bolt scar on his forehead, but it always made him uncomfortable.
“Ced talked about you, of course,” Amos Diggory said.  “I told us all about playing against you last year... I told him, I said - Ced, this will be something to tell your grandkids, it will be... You You beat Harry Potter!”
Harry found no answer to that, so he remained silent. Fred and George were scowling again.  Cedric looked slightly embarrassed.
"Harry fell off his broom, Dad," he muttered.  I told you…it was an accident….”
“Yes, but you didn’t fall, did you?” » roared Amos friendly, slapping his son on the back. "Always modest, our Ced, always the gentleman... but the best man won, I'm sure Harry would say the same thing, wouldn't he, eh? One falls off his broom, the other stay, you don't" You don't need to be a genius to know which one flies the best!
"It must be almost time," Mr. Weasley said quickly, pulling out his watch again.  “Do you know if we are still waiting, Amos?”
“No, the Lovegoods have been here a week already and the Fawcetts couldn’t get tickets,” Mr. Diggory said.  "There aren't many of us in this area anymore, are there?"
"Not to my knowledge," Mr. Weasley said.  "Yes, he's in a minute... We better get ready..."
He looked at Harry and Hermione.
"Just touch the portkey, that's all, a finger will do -"
With difficulty, because of their large backpacks, all nine of them crowded around the old boot held out by Amos Diggory.
They all stood there, forming a tight circle, as a cold breeze swept across the top of the hill.  Nobody spoke.  Harry suddenly realized how strange it would look if a Muggle came here now... nine people, two of them grown men, clutching this dirty old boot in the dim light, waiting...
"Three. . ." muttered Mr. Weasley, one eye still on his watch, two. . . A. . ".
It happened immediately: Harry felt as if a hook just behind his navel had suddenly been pushed irresistibly forward.  His feet left the ground; he could feel Ron and Hermione on either side of him, their shoulders bumping against his; they were all moving at full speed in a howl of wind and swirling colors; his index finger was stuck to the boot as if magnetically pulling it forward, then...
His feet hit the ground; Ron stumbled upon him and he fell; the portkey hit the ground near his head with a thud.
Harry looked up. Mr. Weasley, Mr. Diggory and Cedric were still standing, although looking very windswept; everyone was on the ground.
“Five seven Stoatshead Hill,” said a voice.

CHAPTER SEVEN - BAGMAN AND CROUCH

Harry broke away from Ron and stood up.  They had arrived at what appeared to be a deserted expanse of misty moorland.  Before them were two tired and grumpy-looking wizards, one of whom held a large gold watch, the other a thick scroll of parchment and a quill.  Both were dressed as Muggles, although very clumsily: the man on the watch wore a tweed suit with thigh-length galoshes; his colleague, a kilt and a poncho.
"Hello, Basil," Mr. Weasley said, picking up the boot and handing it to the kilted wizard, who tossed it into a large box of used portkeys beside him; Harry could see an old newspaper, an empty drinks can and a punctured football.
"Hello, Arthur," Basil said wearily.  "No service, huh? For some it's okay... We've been here all night... You'd better move out of the way, we have a big party coming from the Black Forest." at five fifteen . Wait, I'll find your campsite… Weasley… Weasley…” He consulted his parchment list.  "About a quarter mile walk there you come to the first field. The site manager is Mr. Roberts. Diggory...second field...ask for Mr. Payne."
"Thank you, Basil," Mr. Weasley said, and motioned for everyone to follow him.
They crossed the deserted moor, unable to see much through the mist.  After about twenty minutes, a small stone house next to a gate swam into view.  Beyond, Harry could just make out the ghostly shapes of hundreds and hundreds of tents, rising up the gentle slope of a large field towards a dark wood on the horizon.  They said goodbye to the Diggorys and approached the cottage door.
A man stood in the doorway looking at the tents.  Harry knew at a glance that he was the only true Muggle in several acres.  When he heard their footsteps, he turned his head to look at them.
"Morning!" » said Mr. Weasley sharply.
"Hello," said the Muggle.
“Would you like to be Mr. Roberts?”
“Yes, I would,” Mr. Roberts said. “And who are you?”
"Weasley – two tents, booked a few days ago?"
“Yes,” Mr. Roberts said, consulting a thumbtack list on the door.  "You have a space near the woods there. Just for one night?"
"That's all," said Mr. Weasley.
“You’re going to pay now, then? » said Mr. Roberts.
"Ah - that's true - certainly -" said Mr. Weasley.  He retreated a short distance from the cottage and motioned for Harry to come towards him.  "Help me, Harry," he muttered, pulling a roll of muggle money from his pocket and starting to peel off the notes.  "This one is a - a - a ten? Oh yes, I see the little number on it now... So it's a five?"
"A twenty," Harry corrected in a low voice, uncomfortably aware that Mr. Roberts was trying to catch every word.
"Ah yes, it's true... I don't know, these little pieces of paper..."
“Are you a foreigner?” said Mr. Roberts as Mr. Weasley returned with the correct notes.
"Stranger?" Mr. Weasley repeated, perplexed.
"You're not the first to have problems with money," Mr. Roberts said, scrutinizing Mr. Weasley closely. “I tried twice to pay myself with big gold coins the size of hubcaps ten minutes ago.”
“Did you really?” » said Mr. Weasley nervously.
Mr. Roberts rummaged through a tin can for change.
“I’ve never had so many people,” he said suddenly, looking back out at the misty field. “Hundreds of pre-bookings. People usually come…”
"Is it correct?" Mr. Weasley said, his hand outstretched for his change, but Mr. Roberts didn't give it to him.
“Yes,” he said thoughtfully. "People from everywhere. Lots of strangers. And not just strangers. Weird people, you know? There's a guy walking around in a kilt and a poncho."
"Is not it ?"  said Mr. Weasley anxiously
“It’s like a sort of...I don’t know...like a sort of gathering,” Mr. Roberts said.  "They all seem to know each other. Like one big party."
Just then, a plus four wizard appeared out of nowhere next to Mr. Roberts' front door.
"Forget!" he said sharply, pointing his wand at Mr. Roberts.
Instantly Mr. Roberts's eyes grew unfocused, his eyebrows unknotted, and an expression of dreamy carelessness fell upon his face.  Harry recognized the symptoms of someone whose memory had just changed.
“A map of the campsite for you,” said Mr. Roberts placiespecially to Mr. Weasley.  “And your change.”
"Thank you very much," Mr. Weasley said.
The wizard plus four accompanied them towards the campsite gate.  He looked exhausted: his chin was blue from beard and there were deep purple shadows under his eyes.  Once out of earshot of Mr. Roberts, he muttered to Mr. Weasley, "I had a lot of trouble with him." He needs a memory spell ten times a day to keep him happy. And Ludo Bagman doesn't help him. He trots around talking about the Bludgers. » and Quaffles at full voice, no worries about anti-muggle security. God, I'll be happy when this is over, Arthur.
He disappeared.
"I thought Mr. Bagman was the head of magical games and sports," Ginny said, looking surprised.  "He should know not to talk about Bludgers around Muggles, right?"
"He should," Mr. Weasley said, smiling, and leading them through the campsite gates, "but Ludo has always been a bit... well... lax about security. You can't expect a more enthusiastic head of the sports department, he himself played Quidditch for England, you know, and he was the best batsman the Wimbourne Wasps ever had.
They trudged across the misty field between long rows of tents.  Most seemed almost ordinary; their owners had clearly tried to make them as muggle as possible, but had erred by adding chimneys, bells, or weathervanes.  However, here and there was a tent so obviously magical that Harry could hardly be surprised if Mr. Roberts became suspicious.  Halfway up the field stood an extravagant striped silk confection like a miniature palace, with several live peacocks tethered to the entrance.  A little further on, they passed a three-story tent and several turrets; and a little further on was a tent to which was attached a front garden, complete with a birdbath, a sundial, and a fountain.
"Always the same," Mr. Weasley said, smiling.  "We can't resist the urge to show off when we get together. Ah, here we are, look, it's us."
They had reached the edge of the woods, at the top of the field, and there was an empty space, with a small sign sunk into the ground that said WEEZLY.
“I couldn’t have a better place!” » Mr. Weasley said happily.  “The field is just on the other side of the woods, we’re as close as we can get.”  He took his backpack off his shoulders.  "Good," he said enthusiastically, "no magic is allowed, strictly speaking, not when there are so many of us in Muggle territory. We'll be pitching these tents by hand! It shouldn't be too much difficult... Muggles do it all the time... Hey, Harry, where do you think we should start?
Harry had never camped in his life; the Dursleys had never taken him on vacation, preferring to leave him with Mrs. Figg, an old neighbor.  However, he and Hermione worked out where most of the posts and stakes should go, and although Mr. Weasley was more of a hindrance than a help, because he was completely overexcited when it came to using the gavel, they finally managed to erect a pair of shabby two-person tents.
Everyone stood back to admire their work.  No one looking at these tents would guess that they belonged to wizards, Harry thought, but the problem was that once Bill, Charlie and Percy arrived, they would be a party of ten. Hermione seemed to have spotted this problem as well; She gave Harry a questioning look as Mr. Weasley dropped down on all fours and entered the first tent.
"We'll be a little cramped," he called, "but I think we'll all squeeze in. Come and see."
Harry leaned down, slipped under the tent flap and felt his jaw drop.  He had entered what looked like an old-fashioned three-room apartment with a bathroom and kitchen. Oddly enough, it was furnished in exactly the same style as Mrs. Figg's house: there were crocheted slipcovers on the mismatched chairs and a strong smell of cat.
"Well, it won't be for long," Mr. Weasley said, wiping his bald spot with a tissue and looking at the four bunk beds that were in the room.  I borrowed this from Perkins at the office.  He doesn't camp much anymore, poor guy, he has lumbago."
He picked up the dusty kettle and looked inside.  “We will need water….
"There's a tap marked on this map the Muggles gave us," said Ron, who had followed Harry inside the tent and seemed not at all impressed by its extraordinary interior proportions. “It’s on the other side of the field.”
"Well, why don't you, Harry and Hermione, go get us some water then" - Mr Weasley handed us the kettle and some pans - "and the rest of us get some wood to make a fire?"
“But we have an oven,” said Ron.  “Why can’t we just –”
"Ron, anti-muggle security!"  Mr. Weasley said, his face bright with impatience. "When real Muggles camp, they cook over fires outside. I've seen them do that!"
After a quick tour of the girls' tent, which was slightly smaller than the boys' tent, but without the cat smell, Harry, Ron and H.Ermione crossed the campsite with the kettle and pots.
Now that the sun had just risen and the mist was lifting, they could see the tent city stretching out in all directions.  They moved slowly through the rows, looking around impatiently.  Harry was just realizing how many witches and wizards there must be in the world; he had never really thought about those from other countries.
Their campmates were starting to wake up.  The first to be moved were families with young children; Harry had never seen witches and wizards this young before.  A little boy, barely two years old, was crouching in front of a large pyramid-shaped tent, holding a chopstick and happily tapping a slug in the grass, which was slowly swelling to the size of a salami.  As they approached him, his mother rushed out of the tent.
"How many times, Kevin? You don't - touch - daddy's - wand - yeah!"
She had stepped on the giant slug that had burst.  His scolding continued in the still air, mingling with the little boy's cries: "You're breaking Slug!" You break Slug!
A little further on, they saw two little witches, barely older than Kevin, riding on toy broomsticks that rose just high enough for the girls' toes to brush the pink grass.  A Ministry wizard had already spotted them; As he rushed past Harry, Ron, and Hermione, he absently muttered, "In broad daylight!" Parents are sleeping in, I guess…”
Here and there, adult wizards and witches came out of their tents and began to prepare breakfast.  Some, with furtive glances around them, conjured fires with their wands; others struck matches with a doubtful look on their faces, as if they were sure it couldn't work. Three African witch doctors sat in serious conversation, all dressed in long white robes and roasting what looked like a rabbit over a bright purple fire, while a group of middle-aged American witches chatted happily under a glittery banner strung between their tents which said: THE SALEM WITCHING INSTITUTE.  Harry caught snatches of conversation in strange languages ​​from inside the tents they passed, and although he didn't understand a word, the tone of each voice was excited.
“Um, is it my eyes, or has everything turned green?” Ron said.
It wasn't just Ron's eyes. They had entered a group of tents which were all covered with thick clover vegetation, so that it seemed as if small, oddly shaped hills had grown out of the earth.  Smiling faces could be seen beneath those with open flaps. Then, behind them, they heard their names.
"Harry! Ron! Hermione!"
It was Seamus Finnigan, their fourth year Gryffindor classmate.  He was sitting in front of his own shamrock-covered tent, with a blonde-haired woman who must have been his mother, and his best friend, Dean Thomas, also from Gryffindor.
“Like the decorations?” Seamus said smiling.  “The ministry is not very happy.”
“Ah, why shouldn’t we show our colors?”  said Mrs. Finnigan.  "You should see what the Bulgarians have hanging all over their tents. You will support Ireland, of course?" she added, looking at Harry, Ron and Hermione attentively.  When they assured him that they did indeed support Ireland, they left, however, as Ron said: "As if we would say anything else surrounded by this group." I wonder what the Bulgarians have hanging all over their tents? » said Hermione.
“Let’s go and see,” Harry said, pointing to a large tent field above the pitch, where the Bulgarian flag – white, green and red – fluttered in the breeze.
The tents here weren't adorned with plants, but each one had the same poster attached, a poster depicting a very surly face with heavy black eyebrows. The image was, of course, moving, but she only blinked and scowled.
"Krum," Ron said softly.
"What?" Hermione said.
“Krum! » Ron said. “Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian researcher!”
"He seems really grumpy," Hermione said, looking around at the many Krums blinking and giving them a scowl.
“'Really grumpy?'  Ron rolled his eyes.  "Who cares what he looks like? He's amazing. He's very young too. Only about eighteen. He's a genius, just wait until tonight, you'll see."
There was already a small queue for the tap in the corner of the field.  Harry, Ron and Hermione joined them, right behind two men who were having a heated argument.  One of them was a very old wizard who wore a long flowered nightgown.  The other was clearly a Ministry wizard; he held out a pair of pinstriped pants and almost cried in exasperation.
"Just put them on, Archie, he's a good guy. You can't walk around like that, the Muggle at the door is already getting suspicious -
I bought these in a Muggle store," the old wizard said stubbornly. "Muggles wear them."
"Muggle women wear them, Archie, not the men, they wear them," the Ministry wizard said, and held up the pinstriped pants.
"I'm not puttI put them on," said old Archie indignantly. "I like a healthy breeze around my private parts, thank you.
Hermione was overcome by such a fit of laughter at this point that she had to get out of the queue and only returned when Archie had collected his water and walked away.
Walking more slowly now, because of the weight of the water, they made their way back through the campsite.  Here and there they saw more familiar faces: other Hogwarts students with their families.  Oliver Wood, the former captain of Harry's House Quidditch team, who had just left Hogwarts, dragged Harry to his parents' tent to introduce him and excitedly told him that he had just been recruited into the Puddlemere United reserve team.  They were then greeted by Ernie Macmillan, a fourth year Hufflepuff, and a little further away they saw Cho Chang, a very pretty girl who played the role of Seeker on the Ravenclaw team.  She waved and smiled at Harry, who splashed a lot of water down his front as he returned the salute.  More to keep Ron from smiling than anything else, Harry hurriedly pointed to a large group of teenagers he had never seen before.
“Who do you think they are?” he said.  "They don't go to Hogwarts, do they?"
"'Spect they're going to a foreign school,' Ron said.  "I know there are others. But I've never met anyone who went there. Bill had a pen pal at a school in Brazil... that was years and years ago. .. and he wanted to go on an exchange trip but Mom and Dad couldn't afford it. His pen pal got upset when he said he wasn't going and sent him a damn hat. made the ears wither.
Harry laughed but didn't express the astonishment he felt at hearing about other wizarding schools.  He supposed, now that he saw representatives of so many nationalities at the campsite, he had been stupid to never realize that Hogwarts couldn't be the only one.  He glanced at Hermione, who seemed completely unsurprised by this information.  No doubt she had heard of other wizarding schools in one book or another.
"You're old," George said when they finally returned to the Weasley tents.
"I met a few people," Ron said, putting the water down.  “You haven’t started that fire yet?”
“Dad has fun with the games,” Fred said.
Mr. Weasley had no success lighting the fire, but that wasn't for lack of trying.  Broken matches littered the ground around him, but he looked like he was having the time of his life.
"Oops!" » he said, managing to light a match and immediately dropping it by surprise.
"Come here, Mr. Weasley," Hermione said kindly, taking the box from him and showing him how to do it properly.
Finally, they lit the fire, although it would be at least another hour before it was hot enough to cook anything.  There was, however, plenty to look at while they waited.  Their tent seemed to be pitched right next to some sort of alley leading to the grounds, and members of the Ministry kept hurrying up and down, greeting Mr. Weasley cordially as they passed.  Mr. Weasley continued to comment, mainly for Harry and Hermione's benefit; his own children knew too much about the ministry to take much interest in it.
"That was Cuthbert Mockridge, head of the Goblin Liaison Office... This is Gilbert Wimple; he's on the Committee on Experimental Charms; he's had these horns for a while now... Hello, Arnie... Arnold Peasegood , he's an Obliviator - member of the Accidental Magic Reversal Squad, you know... and it's Bode and Croaker... they're Unspeakables...."
“What are they?”
"From the Department of Mysteries, top secret, no idea what they do..."
Finally, the fire was ready and they had just started cooking eggs and sausages when Bill, Charlie and Percy came out of the woods towards them.
"I just apparated, Dad," Percy said loudly.  “Ah, excellent, lunch!”
They were halfway through their plates of eggs and sausages when Mr. Weasley jumped up, waving and smiling at a man walking towards them.  “Aha! "  he said.  "The man of the moment! Ludo!"
Ludo Bagman was by far the most notable person Harry had seen so far, including even old Archie in his floral nightgown.  He wore long Quidditch robes with thick bright yellow and black horizontal stripes.  A huge image of a wasp was splashed across his chest.  He had the appearance of a powerfully built man, slightly slumped; the robes were stretched tightly over a large belly that he surely hadn't had back when he played Quidditch for England.  His nose was crushed (probably broken by a stray Bludger, Harry thought), but his round blue eyes, short blond hair, and pink complexion made him look like a very tall schoolboy.
“Oho!”  Bagman called happily.  He walked as if he had springs attached to the tips of his feet and was clearly in a state of wild excitement.
"Arthur, old man," he breathed as he reached the campfire, "what a day, eh? What a day! Could we have asked for more perfection?No time ?  A cloudless night coming... and barely a hiccup in the arrangements.... Not much for me to do!”
Behind him, a group of haggard-looking Ministry wizards rushed over, pointing at the distant evidence of some kind of magical fire that was sending purple sparks twenty feet into the air.
Percy rushed forward, hand outstretched.  Apparently, his disapproval of the way Ludo Bagman ran his department didn't stop him from wanting to make a good impression.
"Ah - yes," said Mr. Weasley, smiling, "this is my son Percy. He's just started at the Ministry - and this is Fred - no, George, sorry - it's Fred - Bill, Charlie, Ron - my daughter , Ginny and Ron's friends, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter.
Bagman did the smallest of double takes when he heard Harry's name, and his eyes made the familiar glance to the scar on Harry's forehead.
"Everyone," Mr. Weasley continued, "this is Ludo Bagman, you know who he is, it's thanks to him that we have such good tickets -"
Bagman beamed and waved his hand as if to say it was nothing.
“Want to play the game, Arthur? » he said eagerly, jingling what appeared to be a large quantity of gold in the pockets of his yellow and black robes.  "Roddy Pontner once bet me that Bulgaria would score first - I offered him good odds, given that the Irish front three are the strongest I've seen in years - and little Agatha Timms invested half his eel farm in a week's match."
"Oh...go on then," Mr. Weasley said.  "Let's see... a galleon on Ireland to win?"
“A Galleon?” Ludo Bagman seemed slightly disappointed, but recovered.  “Alright, alright...any other takers?”
"They're a little young to be playing," Mr. Weasley said.  “Molly wouldn’t like…”
"We'll bet thirty-seven galleons, fifteen sickles, three Knuts," said Fred as he and George quickly pooled all their money, "that Ireland wins - but Viktor Krum gets the snitch. Oh and we let's throw a fake magic wand."
"You don't want to show Mr. Bagman bullshit like that," Percy hissed, but Bagman didn't seem to think the wand was bullshit at all; on the contrary, his childish face glowed with excitement when he took it from Fred, and when the wand squealed and turned into a rubber chicken, Bagman burst out laughing.
"Excellent! I haven't seen one this convincing in years! I'd pay five galleons for it!"
Percy froze in stunned disapproval.
"Boys," Mr. Weasley said under his breath, "I don't want you to bet... It's all your savings... Your mother -"
"Don't be a spoilsport, Arthur!"  » growled Ludo Bagman, shaking his pockets enthusiastically. "They're old enough to know what they want! You think Ireland will win but Krum will get the Snitch? Not a chance, boys, not a chance... I'll give you excellent odds on that one... .. We'll add five galleons for the funny wand, so, okay...."
Mr. Weasley watched helplessly as Ludo Bagman took out a notebook and quill and began writing down the twins' names.
"Hi," George said, taking the piece of parchment Bagman had handed him and tucking it under his robes.  Bagman turned very happily to Mr. Weasley.
"I couldn't make myself an infusion, I suppose? I'm watching Barty Crouch. My Bulgarian counterpart is having difficulty and I don't understand a word he says. Barty will be able to solve the problem. . He speaks about a hundred and fifty LANGUAGES.
"Mr. Crouch?" Percy said, suddenly dropping his look of stiff disapproval and writhing in excitement.  "He talks about more than two hundred! Mermish and Gobbledegook and Troll..."
“Anyone can speak Troll,” Fred said dismissively.  “All you have to do is point and growl.”
Percy gave Fred an extremely nasty look and vigorously stoked the fire to bring the kettle back to a boil.
“Any news from Bertha Jorkins, Ludo?”  Mr. Weasley asked as Bagman settled down on the grass next to them all.
“Not a crazy bird,” Bagman said comfortably.  "But she'll come back. Poor old Bertha... a memory like a leaking cauldron and no sense of direction. Lost, take my word for it. She'll return to the office in October, thinking it's still July." .
“Don’t you think it’s time to send someone to get her?”  Mr. Weasley suggested shyly as Percy handed Bagman his tea.
"Barty Crouch keeps saying that," Bagman said, his round eyes widening innocently, "but we can't really spare anyone right now. Oh – speak of the devil! Barty!"
A wizard had just apparated to their fireside, and he couldn't have made a greater contrast with Ludo Bagman, slumped on the grass in his old Wasp robes.  Barty Crouch was an elderly man, wiry and erect, dressed in an impeccably crisp suit and tie.  The parting of his short gray hair was almost unnaturally straight, and his narrow, toothbrush-shaped mustache looked like it had been trimmed with a slide rule.  His shoes were very polished.  Harry immediately understood why Percyidolized him.  Percy was a firm believer in strictly following the rules, and Mr. Crouch had complied with the rule regarding Muggle clothing so well that he could have passed for a bank manager; Harry doubted even Uncle Vernon would have spotted him for what he really was.
"Dredge some grass, Barry," Ludo said cheerfully, patting the ground next to him.
"No thanks, Ludo," Crouch said, and there was a hint of impatience in his voice. "I'm looking everywhere for you. The Bulgarians insist that we add twelve more seats to the Top Box."
“Oh, is that what they’re looking for?”  Bagman said.  I thought the guy was asking to borrow some tweezers.  A bit of a strong accent.”
"Mr. Crouch! » Percy said breathlessly, dove into a sort of half-arc that made him look like a hunchback.  “Would you like a cup of tea?”
"Oh," Mr. Crouch said, looking at Percy with slight surprise.  “Yes, thank you, Weatherby.”
Fred and George choked on their own cups. Percy, pink around the ears, was busy with the kettle.
"Oh and I wanted to talk to you too, Arthur," Mr. Crouch said, his sharp eyes falling on Mr. Weasley.  "Ali Bashir is on the warpath. He wants to talk to you about your flying carpet embargo."
Mr. Weasley sighed deeply.
“I owled him about it last week. If I told him once, I've told him a hundred times: rugs are defined as a Muggle artifact by the Register of Prohibited Charmable Items, but will he listen?
"I doubt it," Mr. Crouch said, accepting a cup from Percy.  “He desperately wants to export here.”
“Well, they’ll never replace brooms in Britain, will they?”  Bagman said.
"Ali thinks there is a niche in the market for a family vehicle, Mr Crouch said. "I remember my grandfather had an Axminster that could seat twelve people - but that was before the carpet ban , Of course."
He spoke as if he wanted to leave no doubt that all his ancestors had strictly followed the law.
“So, are you busy, Barty?”  Bagman said casually.
“Enough,” said Mr. Crouch dryly.  “Organizing portkeys across five continents is no easy feat, Ludo.”
"I hope you'll both be happy when this is over?"  said Mr. Weasley.
Ludo Bagman looked shocked.
"Happy! I don't know when I'll have had more fun... Still, it's not like we don't have anything to do, right, Barty? Huh? There's still a lot of things to organize, right? "
Mr. Crouch raised his eyebrows at Bagman.
"We have agreed not to make this announcement until we have all the details -"
“Oh details!”  said Bagman, brushing the word aside like a swarm of gnats.  "They signed, didn't they? They agreed, didn't they? I bet you everything these kids will know soon enough anyway. I mean, it's happening at Hogwarts - "
“Ludo, we have to meet the Bulgarians, you know,” Mr. Crouch said sharply, cutting Bagman's remarks short.  “Thanks for the tea, Weatherby.”
He returned his undrunk tea to Percy and waited for Ludo to get up; Bagman struggled to his feet, gulping down the rest of his tea, the gold in his pockets jingling merrily.
"See you later!"  he said. “You’ll be in the Top Box with me – I’ll comment!”  He waved, Barty Crouch nodded briefly, and they both disappeared.
"What's going on at Hogwarts, Dad?"  Fred said immediately.  “What were they talking about?”
"You'll find out soon enough," Mr. Weasley said, smiling.
"This is classified information, until the Ministry decides to release it," Percy said stiffly.  “Mr Crouch was right not to reveal it.”
“Oh, shut up, Weatherby,” Fred said.
A sense of excitement rose like a palpable cloud over the campsite as the afternoon progressed.  At dusk, the still summer air itself seemed to quiver with anticipation, and as the darkness stretched like a curtain over the thousands of waiting wizards, the last vestiges of pretense disappeared: the Ministry seemed to have given in to the inevitable and stopped fighting the signs. of blatant magic that now erupts everywhere.
Vendors apparated every few meters, carrying trays and pushing carts filled with extraordinary goods.  There were bright rosettes - green for Ireland, red for Bulgaria - that shouted the players' names, green pointy hats decorated with dancing shamrocks, Bulgarian scarves decorated with lions that actually roared, flags of both countries that played their national anthems at the same time. were agitated; there were tiny models of Firebolts that actually flew, and collectible figurines of famous players, that would walk and preen on the palm of your hand.
"I've been saving my pocket money all summer for this," Ron said to Harry as they and Hermione wandered among the vendors to buy souvenirs.  Although Ron bought a dancing shamrock hat and a large green rosette, he also bought a small figurine of Viktor Krum, the Bulgarian Seeker.  The miniature Krum walked back and forth on Ron's hand, looking at the green rosette above him with a scowl.
“Wow, look at that!”  Harry said, rushing towards a stacked cart.with what looked like brass binoculars, except they were covered in all sorts of strange buttons and dials.
“Omnioculars,” the salesman said eagerly.  "You can replay the action... slow everything down... and they show detailed game analysis if you need it. Trade - ten galleons each."
"I wish I hadn't bought it now," Ron said, pointing to his dancing shamrock hat and looking longingly at the omnioculars.
"Three pairs," Harry told the wizard firmly.
"No, don't worry," Ron said, turning red.  He was always sensitive to the fact that Harry, who had inherited a small fortune from his parents, had much more money than him.
"You won't get anything for Christmas," Harry told her, putting the omnioculars in his and Hermione's hands.  “For about ten years, mind you.”
"Very good," Ron said, smiling.
"Oooh, thanks, Harry," Hermione said.  "And I'm going to get us some programs, look -"
Their money bags considerably lighter, they returned to the tents.  Bill, Charlie and Ginny also sported green cockades, and Mr. Weasley carried an Irish flag.  Fred and George had no memories because they had given all their gold to Bagman.
And then a deep, resounding gong sounded somewhere beyond the woods, and immediately green and red lanterns lit up in the trees, lighting a path leading to the field.
"It's time!" said Mr. Weasley, looking as excited as any of them.  “Let’s go!”

CHAPTER EIGHT - THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP

Clutching their purchases, Mr. Weasley in the lead, they all rushed into the woods, following the path lit by lanterns.  They heard the sounds of thousands of people moving around them, shouts and laughter, snatches of singing.  The atmosphere of feverish excitement was highly contagious; Harry couldn't help but smile.  They walked for twenty minutes through the woods, chatting and joking loudly, until they finally emerged on the other side and found themselves in the shadow of a gigantic stadium.  Even though Harry could only see a fraction of the immense golden walls surrounding the grounds, he could tell that ten cathedrals would fit comfortably there.
"A hundred thousand seats," Mr. Weasley said, spotting the look of wonder on Harry's face.  "A ministerial task force of five hundred people has been working on this all year. Muggle repelling charms on every square inch. Every time Muggles come near here all year, they suddenly remember urgent appointments and have to run away again "Bless them," he added affectionately, leading the way to the nearest entrance, which was already surrounded by a swarm of screaming witches and wizards. .
“Prime seats! » said the Ministry witch at the entrance while checking their tickets. "Top Box! Straight upstairs, Arthur, and as high as possible."
The stairs leading up to the stadium were covered in a rich purple carpet.  They climbed with the rest of the crowd, which slowly filtered through the grandstand doors to their left and right.  Mr. Weasley's group continued to climb, and eventually they reached the top of the stairs and found themselves in a small box, located at the highest point of the stadium and located exactly halfway between the golden goal posts.  About twenty purple and gold chairs sat here in two rows, and Harry, sitting in the front seats with the Weasleys, took in a scene the likes of which he could never have imagined.
One hundred thousand wizards and witches took their seats on the seats which rose in tiers around the long oval field.  Everything was bathed in a mysterious golden light, which seemed to come from the stadium itself.  The terrain seemed smooth as velvet from their elevated position.  At each end of the field were three fifty-foot-high goal hoops; Right in front of them, almost at Harry's eye level, was a gigantic blackboard.  Golden writing kept rushing across it as if the hand of an invisible giant was scribbling on the blackboard and then wiping it away again; looking at it, Harry saw that it was broadcasting advertisements across the field.

The Bluebottle: a broom for the whole family – safe, reliable and with a built-in anti-burglar buzzer... Mrs. Shower's all-purpose magic nail polish remover: no pain, no stain! ... Gladrags Wizardwear - London, Paris, Hogsmeade...

Harry tore his eyes away from the panel and looked over his shoulder to see who else was sharing the box with them.  So far it was empty, except for a small creature sitting in the penultimate seat at the end of the row behind them. The creature, whose legs were so short that they stuck out in front of her on the chair, wore a cloth draped like a toga and had her face hidden in her hands.  Yet those long bat ears were strangely familiar...
"Dobby?"  » Harry said incredulously.
The little creature looked up and stretched out its fingers, revealing enormous brown eyes and a nose the exact size and shape of a large tomato.  It wasn't Dobby – he was, however, undeniably a house elf, as Harry's friend Dobby had been.  Harry had freed Dobbyof its former owners, the Malfoy family.
“Did Mister just call me Dobby?”  the elf squeaked curiously through his fingers.  Her voice was even higher than Dobby's, a quivering little squeak, and Harry suspected, though it was very hard to tell with a house elf, that this one might just be a woman. Ron and Hermione turned in their seats to watch.  Although they had heard a lot about Dobby from Harry, they had never actually met him.  Even Mr. Weasley looked around with interest.
"Sorry," Harry said to the elf, "I just thought you were someone I knew."
“But I know Dobby too, sir!”  squeaked the elf.  She hid her face, as if blinded by the light, even though the Top Box was not well lit.  "My name is Winky, sir – and you, sir –" His dark brown eyes widened to the size of a side plate as they rested on Harry's scar. "You must be Harry Potter!"
"Yes, I am," Harry said.
“But Dobby talks about you all the time, sir!” » he said, lowering his hands very slightly and looking amazed.
"How is he?"  Harry said.  “How does freedom suit him?”
"Ah, sir," Winky said, shaking his head, "ah sir, I mean no disrespect, sir, but I'm not sure you're doing Dobby any favors, sir, when you release him."
"For what?" » Harry said, surprised.  "What's the matter with him?"
“Freedom is going to Dobby’s head, sir,” Winky said sadly.  "Ideas above his station, sir. I can't get another position, sir."
"Why not?" Harry said.
Winky lowered his voice half an octave and whispered, "He wants to pay for his work, sir."
“Paid?” » Harry said blankly.  “Well, why shouldn’t he get paid?”
Winky looked quite horrified at the idea and closed her fingers slightly so that her face was half-hidden again.
“House elves don’t get paid, sir!”  » she said in a muffled cry.  "No, no, no. I tell Dobby, I say, go find yourself a nice family and settle down, Dobby. He gets up to all sorts of mischief, sir, which is unbecoming of a house elf. You Make a racket like that, Dobby, I say, and the next thing I hear, you're in front of the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, like a regular goblin.
"Well, it's time he had a little fun," Harry said.
"House elves aren't supposed to have fun, Harry Potter," Winky said firmly behind her hands.  "House elves do what they're told. I don't like heights at all, Harry Potter" - she glanced at the edge of the box and swallowed - "but my master sends me to the Top Box and I'm coming, sir."
“Why did he send you here, if he knows you don’t like heights?”  » Harry said with a frown.
"Master – Master wants me to save a place for him, Harry Potter. He's very busy," Winky said, tilting her head towards the empty space next to her.  "Winky would like to be back in the master's tent, Harry Potter, but Winky does as he is told. Winky is a good house elf."
She took another frightened look at the edge of the box and hid her eyes completely again. Harry turned to the others.
“So he’s a house elf?”  » Ron muttered.  “Strange things, aren’t they?”
"Dobby was weirder," Harry said earnestly.
Ron took out his omnioculars and began testing them, looking at the crowd across the stadium.
"Savage!"  he said, turning the replay button to the side.  I can make that old guy over there pick his nose again... and again... and again. . ".
Hermione, meanwhile, was eagerly going through her velvet-covered, pom-pomed schedule.
“'A presentation of the team mascots will precede the game,' she read aloud.

"Oh, it's still worth watching," Mr. Weasley said.  “National teams bring creatures from their homeland, you know, to put on a bit of a show.”
The box gradually filled around them over the next half hour.  Mr. Weasley kept shaking hands with people who were obviously very important wizards.  Percy jumped to his feet so often he looked like he was trying to sit on a hedgehog.  When Cornelius Fudge, the Minister of Magic himself, arrived, Percy bowed so low that his glasses fell off and broke. Very embarrassed, he repaired them with his wand and then sat in his seat, casting jealous glances at Harry, whom Cornelius Fudge had greeted like an old friend.  They had met before and Fudge shook Harry's hand in a fatherly manner, asked him how he was, and introduced him to the wizards on either side of him.
“Harry Potter, you know,” he said aloud to the Bulgarian minister, who wore splendid black velvet robes trimmed with gold and did not seem to understand a word of English.  "Harry Potter... oh come on now, you know who he is... the boy who survived You-Know-Who... you know who he is -"
The Bulgarian wizard suddenly noticed Harry's scar and began chattering loudly and enthusiastically, pointing at it.
"I knew we'd get there in the end," Fudge told Harry wearily.  "I'm not very good with languages; I need Barty Crouch for that sort of thing. Ah, I see his house elf has a place for him... Good job too, those Bulgarian bligs."The customers tried to find the best places...ah, and here’s Lucius!”
Harry, Ron and Hermione quickly turned around.  At the edge of the second row, three still empty seats directly behind Mr. Weasley were none other than Dobby the house elf, the former owners of: Lucius Malfoy; his son, Draco; and a woman, Harry supposed, must be Draco's mother.
Harry and Draco Malfoy had been enemies since their very first trip to Hogwarts.  A pale boy with a pointed face and white blond hair, Draco looked a lot like his father.  His mother was blonde too; tall and thin, she would have been pretty if she hadn't worn a look that suggested there was a bad smell under her nose.
"Ah, Fudge," Mr. Malfoy said, holding out his hand as he reached the Minister of Magic.  "How are you? I don't think you've met my wife, Narcissa? Or our son, Draco?"
"How are you, how are you?"  Fudge said, smiling and bowing to Mrs. Malfoy. "And let me introduce you to Mr. Oblansk - Obalonsk - Mr. - well, he's the Bulgarian Minister of Magic, and anyway, he doesn't understand a word I'm saying, so too bad .And let's see who else - you know Arthur Weasley, I dare say?
It was a tense moment. Mr. Weasley and Mr. Malfoy looked at each other and Harry remembered very clearly the last time they had come face to face: it had been in Flourish and Botts' bookstore, and they had argued.  Mr. Malfoy's cold gray eyes swept over Mr. Weasley, then up and down the row.
"Damn it, Arthur," he said softly.  "What did you have to sell to get places in the Top Box? Surely your house wouldn't have brought in that much?"
Fudge, who wasn't listening, said, "Lucius has just made a very generous contribution to St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Illnesses and Injuries, Arthur." He is here as a guest.
“How – how nice,” Mr. Weasley said with a very tight smile.
Mr. Malfoy's eyes returned to Hermione, who was turning slightly pink, but was looking at him with determination.  Harry knew exactly what made Mr. Malfoy's lips curl like that. The Malfoys were proud to be purebloods; in other words, they considered anyone of Muggle descent, like Hermione, to be second class.  However, under the gaze of the Minister of Magic, Mr. Malfoy did not dare to say anything.  He gave Mr. Weasley a sneering nod and continued to queue to his seats.  Draco gave Harry, Ron and Hermione a contemptuous look, then took a seat between his mother and father.
"Slimy bastards," Ron muttered as he, Harry and Hermione turned towards the field again. The next moment, Ludo Bagman charged into the box.
"Everybody is ready ?"  he said, his round face shining like that of a big, excited Edam. "Minister, ready to leave?"
"Ready when you are, Ludo," Fudge said comfortably.
Ludo took out his wand, pointed it at his own throat and said "Sonorus!" then he spoke above the sonic roar that now filled the packed stadium; his voice echoed among them, echoing in every corner of the stands.
"Ladies and gentlemen...welcome! Welcome to the final of the four hundred and twenty-second Quidditch World Cup!"
The spectators shouted and applauded.  Thousands of flags flew, adding to the din their discordant national anthems.  The huge blackboard in front of them had been erased of its last message (Every Flavor Beans by Bertie Bott - A risk in every bite!) and now read BULGARIA: 0, IRELAND: 0.
“And now, without further ado, allow me to introduce to you… the mascots of the Bulgarian national team!”
The right side of the stands, which was a solid block of scarlet, roared its approval.
"I wonder what they brought," Mr. Weasley said, leaning forward in his seat. “Aaah!”  He abruptly took off his glasses and hastily polished them on his dress. “Veela!”
"What is this -?"
 But a hundred Veela were now heading towards the field, and Harry's question was answered for him.  Veela were women. . . the most beautiful women Harry had ever seen. . . except they weren't - they couldn't be - human.  This perplexed Harry for a moment as he tried to guess what exactly they could be; What could make their skin glow like the moon, or their white-gold hair fan out behind them without wind... but then the music started, and Harry stopped worrying that they're not human – in fact, he stopped worrying about anything.
The Veela had begun to dance, and Harry's mind had gone completely and blissfully blank.  All that mattered in the world was that he continued to watch the Veela, because if they stopped dancing, terrible things would happen.
And as the Veela danced faster and faster, wild, half-formed thoughts began to race through Harry's dazed mind.  He wanted to do something very impressive now.  Jumping from the surface to the stadium seemed like a good idea. . . but would that be enough?
"Harry, what are you doing?" Hermione's voice said from afar.
The music stopped.  Harry blinked. He was standing with one of his legs resting on the wall of the box.Next to him, Ron was frozen in an attitude that looked like he was about to dive from a springboard.
Angry shouts filled the stadium. The crowd didn't want the Veela to leave. Harry was with them; he would of course support Bulgaria, and he vaguely wondered why he had a big green shamrock pinned to his chest.  Ron, meanwhile, was absently shredding the shamrocks on his hat.  Mr. Weasley, smiling slightly, leaned towards Ron and took the hat from his hands.
“That’s what you’ll want,” he said, “once Ireland has had its say.”
"Eh?"  Ron said, gaping at the veela, who had now lined up to one side of the field.
Hermione made a loud noise.  She raised her hand and pulled Harry back to his seat. "Honestly!"  she says.
“And now,” roared the voice of Ludo Bagman, “please put your chopsticks in the air... for the mascots of the Irish national team!”
The next moment, what appeared to be a large green and gold comet came barreling into the stadium.  It circled the stadium, then split into two smaller comets, each hurtling toward the goal posts.  A rainbow suddenly crossed the field, connecting the two balls of light.  The crowd oooohed and aaaaahed, like fireworks.  Now the rainbow has faded and the balls of light have come together and merged; they had formed a large shimmering clover which rose into the sky and began to hover above the stands.  Something like golden rain seemed to fall from it - "Excellent!"  Ron shouted as the clover soared above them, and heavy gold coins rained down from it, bouncing on their heads and seats.  Looking up at the clover, Harry realized that it was actually made up of thousands of short, bearded men in red vests, each carrying a tiny gold or green lamp.
" Leprechauns ! " said Mr. Weasley to tumultuous applause from the crowd, many of whom were still fighting and digging under their chairs for the gold.
"There you go," Ron shouted happily, shoving a handful of gold coins into Harry's hand, "for the omnioculars! Now you have to buy me a Christmas present, ha!"
The great clover dissolved, the elves went down to the field on the opposite side of the veela and sat cross-legged to watch the match.
"And now, ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Bulgarian National Quidditch Team! I give you - Dimitrov!"
A scarlet-clad figure on a broom, moving so fast it was blurry, burst onto the pitch from an entrance far below, to rapturous applause from Bulgarian fans.
“Ivanová!”
A second player in scarlet robes zoomed out.
"Zograf! Levski! Vulchanov! Volkov! Aaaaaaand - Krum!"
“It’s him, it’s him!” » Ron shouted, following Krum with his omnioculars. Harry quickly focused on his own.
Viktor Krum was thin, dark, and yellowish-skinned, with a large, curved nose and thick black eyebrows. It looked like an overgrown bird of prey. It was hard to believe he was only eighteen.
“And now please say hello to the Irish National Quidditch Team!”  » shouted Bagman. "Introducing - Connolly! Ryan! Troy! Mullet! Moran! Quigley! Aaaaaand - Lynch!"
Seven green blurs swept the field; Harry turned a small dial on the side of his omnioculars and slowed the players enough to read the word "Firebolt" on each of their broomsticks and see their names, embroidered in silver, on their backs.
“And here, from Egypt, our referee, the famous president of the International Quidditch Association, Hassan Mostafa!”
A short, skinny wizard, completely bald but with a mustache that rivaled Uncle Vernon's, wearing robes of pure gold to match the stadium, entered the field. A silver whistle protruded from beneath his mustache, and he carried a large wooden box under one arm, his broomstick under the other.  Harry returned the speed dial on his omnioculars to normal, watching carefully as Mostafa mounted his broom and kicked the crate open - four bullets burst into the air: the Scarlet Quaffle, the two Black Bludgers and (Harry saw him for a brief moment). , before disappearing out of sight) the tiny winged Snitch.  With a sharp whistle, Mostafa fired after the balls into the air.
“They’re extinct!”  » shouted Bagman. "And it's Mullet! Troy! Moran! Dimitrov! Back to Mullet! Troy! Levski! Moran!"
It was Quidditch like Harry had never seen played before. He pressed his omnioculars so hard on his glasses that they cut the bridge of his nose. The speed of the players was incredible – the Chasers were throwing the Quaffle at each other so fast that Bagman only had time to say their names.  Harry turned the slow-motion dial to the right of his omnioculars again, pressed the play-by-play button at the top, and he immediately watched in slow motion, while glittering purple letters flashed on the lenses and the noise of the crowd hammered against his eardrums.
HAWKSHEAD ATTACKING FORMATION, he read, looking at the three Irish hunterszoom in close, Troy in the center, slightly ahead of Mullet and Moran, rushing at the Bulgarians.  PORSKOFF PLOY appeared next, as Troy made to lunge upwards with the quaffle, knocking the Bulgarian pursuer Ivanova away and dropping the quaffle to Moran.  One of the Bulgarian drummers, Volkov, violently struck a passing bludger with his small club, knocking it into Moran's path; Moran ducked to avoid the Bludger and dropped the Quaffle; and Levski, hovering below, caught it - "TROY SCORES!" » Bagman roared, and the stadium erupted with a roar of applause and cheers. “Ten zero for Ireland!”
"What?"  Harry shouted, looking wildly around him through his omnioculars. “But Levski has the Quaffle!”
"Harry, if you don't watch at normal speed, you'll miss things!" shouted Hermione, who was dancing up and down, waving her arms in the air as Troy took a victory lap around the field. Harry quickly looked over his omnioculars and saw that the elves watching from the sidelines had all risen into the air again and formed the large, sparkling clover. Across the field, the Veela watched them sullenly.
Furious with himself, Harry returned his speed dial to normal as the game resumed.
Harry knew enough about Quidditch to see that the Irish Chasers were superb. They worked as a harmonious team, their movements so well coordinated that they seemed to read each other's thoughts as they positioned themselves, and the rosette on Harry's chest kept squeaking out their names: "Troy – Mullet – Mo ran! And within ten minutes, Ireland scored twice more, reducing their lead to thirty zero and provoking a thunderous wave of roars and applause from the green-clad supporters.
The match became even faster, but more brutal. Volkov and Vulchanov, the Bulgarian Beaters, were hitting the Bludgers as hard as possible against the Irish Pursuers, and began to prevent them from using some of their best moves; twice they were forced to disperse, then, finally, Ivanova managed to break through their ranks; dodge the Guardian, Ryan; and scores Bulgaria's first goal.
“Fingers in your ears!” » bellowed Mr. Weasley as the Veela began to dance in celebration. Harry narrowed his eyes too; he wanted to keep his mind focused on the game. After a few seconds, he glanced at the field.  The Veela had stopped dancing and Bulgaria was once again in possession of the Quaffle.
"Dimitrov! Levski! Dimitrov! Ivanova - oh I say!"  » roared Bagman.
A hundred thousand wizards gasped as the two Seekers, Krum and Lynch, crashed into the center of the Chasers, so fast they looked like they had just jumped out of a plane without a parachute. Harry followed their descent through his omnioculars, squinting to see where the Snitch was - 
“They’re going to crash!” Hermione shouted from beside Harry.
She was half right: at the very last second, Viktor Krum pulled out of the dive and spiraled. Lynch, however, hit the ground with a thud that could be heard throughout the stadium. A huge groan rose from the Irish seats.
"Silly!" moaned Mr. Weasley. “Krum was pretending!”
“It’s time out!” " cried Bagman's voice, "as trained mediwizards rush to the field to examine Aidan Lynch!
“He’ll be fine, he’s just been plowed!” Charlie said reassuringly to Ginny, who was leaning over the side of the box, looking horrified. "That's what Krum was looking for, of course..."
Harry hurriedly pressed the replay and play-by-play buttons on his omnioculars, turned the speed dial, and returned them to his eyes.
He watched Krum and Lynch dive again in slow motion.  WRONSKI DEFENSIVE FEINT - DANGEROUS SEEKER DIVERSION read the glowing purple letters on his lenses.  He saw Krum's face distorted in concentration as he pulled out of the dive just in time, while Lynch was flattened, and he understood - Krum hadn't seen the Snitch at all, he was just so that Lynch copies it.  Harry had never seen anyone fly like that; Krum hardly looked like he used a broom; he moved so easily through the air that he seemed unsupported and weightless.  Harry returned his omnioculars to normal and focused them on Krum.  He was now hovering over Lynch, who was being revived by mediwizards with cups of potion.  Harry, focusing even more intently on Krum's face, saw his dark eyes scanning the ground a hundred feet below.  He used the time while Lynch was revived to search for the Snitch without interference.
Lynch finally stood up, to the cheers of the green-clad fans, mounted his Firebolt and took off into the air again.  Its revival seems to give a new heart to Ireland.  When Mostafa whistled again, the Chasers sprang into action with a skill unmatched by anything Harry had seen so far.
After another fast and furious fifteen minutes, Ireland had taken the lead with ten more goals. They now led by a hundred and thirty points to ten, and the match begano become dirtier.
As Mullet fired towards the goalposts again, clutching the quaffle tightly under his arm, the Bulgarian goalkeeper, Zograf, flew to meet him.  What happened ended so quickly that Harry didn't realize it, but a scream of rage from the Irish crowd and Mostafa's long, shrill whistle told him it was a foul .
“And Mostafa criticizes the Bulgarian goalkeeper for making fun of his elbows!”  Bagman informed the roaring spectators.  “And yes, it’s a penalty for Ireland!”
The leprechauns, who had risen angrily into the air like a swarm of glittering hornets when Mullet had been soiled, now darted together to form the words "HA, HA, HA!"  The Veela on the other side of the field jumped up, tossed their hair angrily, and began dancing again.
As one, the Weasley boys and Harry dug their fingers into their ears, but Hermione, who hadn't minded, soon tugged on Harry's arm.  He turned to look at her and she impatiently removed her fingers from his ears.
“Look at the referee!” she said, laughing.
Harry looked down at the field. Hassan Mostafa had landed right in front of the dancing Veela and was indeed behaving very strangely. He flexed his muscles and smoothed his mustache with enthusiasm.
“Now we can’t have that!” » said Ludo Bagman, even if he seemed very amused. “Someone slap the referee!”
A mediwitch ran across the field, fingers buried in his own ears, and kicked Mostafa hard in the shins. Mostafa seemed to come to his senses; Harry, looking through the omnioculars again, saw that he looked exceptionally embarrassed and had started shouting at the Veela, who had stopped dancing and looked mutinous.
“And unless I'm mistaken, Mostafa is actually trying to kick out the Bulgarian team mascots!”  said Bagman's voice.  "Now there's something we've never seen before. . . . Oh, this could go wrong. . .
This is what happened: the Bulgarian drummers, Volkov and Vulchanov, landed on either side of Mostafa and began arguing furiously with him, gesticulating towards the elves, who had now happily formed the words "HEE, HEE, HEE.”  Mostafa, however, was not impressed by the Bulgarians' arguments; he pointed his finger in the air, clearly telling them to start flying again, and when they refused, he gave two short whistles.
“Two penalties for Ireland!” » shouted Bagman, and the Bulgarian crowd screamed in anger.  "And Volkov and Vulchanov better get back on those broomsticks. . . yes. . . there they are. . . and Troy takes the Quaffle. .
The game now reached a level of ferocity beyond anything they had yet seen. The Beaters on both sides acted mercilessly: Volkov and Vulchanov in particular did not seem to care whether their clubs came into contact with a Bludger or a human as they swung them violently through the air. Dimitrov shot directly at Moran, who had the Quaffle, almost knocking her off her broom.
"Mistake!"  » roared the Irish supporters as one, all standing in a great green wave.
"Mistake!"  » echoed the magically enlarged voice of Ludo Bagman.  "Dimitrov skins Moran - deliberately flying to collide - and there must be another penalty - yes, there is the whistle!"
The goblins had risen into the air again, and this time they formed a giant hand, which was indeed waving very crudely at the veela across the field. At that moment, the Veela lost control.  Instead of dancing, they launched themselves across the field and began throwing what appeared to be handfuls of fire at the leprechauns.  Looking through his omnioculars, Harry saw that they weren't pretty at all now.  On the contrary, their faces elongated into sharp bird heads with cruel beaks, and long scaly wings sprouted from their shoulders -
"And that, boys," Mr. Weasley shouted amid the tumult of the crowd below, "is why you should never just watch alone!"
Ministry wizards flocked to the field to separate the Veela from the Imps, but with little success; Meanwhile, the pitched battle below was nothing compared to that going on above. Harry turned from side to side, watching through his omnioculars as the Quaffie changed hands at the speed of a bullet.
"Levski - Dimitrov - Moran - Troy - Mullet - Ivanova - Moran again - Moran - MORAN SCORES!"
But the cheers of the Irish partisans were barely heard compared to the screams of the veela, the explosions now coming from the wands of the Ministry members, and the furious roars of the Bulgarians.  The game began again immediately; now Levski had the Quaffle, now Dimitrov -
Irish batsman Quigley swung heavily at a passing bludger and hit it as hard as he could towards Krum, who didn't dodge quickly enough. It hit him right in the face.
There was a deafening groan from the crowd; Krum's nose looked broken, there was blood everywhere, but Hassan Mostafa didn't whistle. He had become distracted, and Harry couldn't blame him; one of the veela had thrown a handful of fire and set his broomtail on fire.
Harry wantsasked someone to realize that Krum was injured; Even though he was supporting Ireland, Krum was the most exciting player on the pitch.  Ron obviously felt the same way.
"Time-out! Ah, come on, he can't play like that, look at him -"
“Look at Lynch!” Harry shouted.
For the Irish Seeker had suddenly launched into a dive, and Harry was quite sure that it was not a feint from Wronski; It was the real thing...
“He saw the Snitch!”  Harry shouted.  "He saw it! Watch him go!"
Half the crowd seemed to have realized what was happening; the Irish fans rose to their feet in another great green wave, shouting at their catcher. . . but Krum was on his heels.  How he could see where he was going, Harry had no idea; there were specks of blood flying in the air behind him, but he was now closing in on Lynch as the two rushed towards the ground again -
“They’re going to crash!” » Hermione shouted.
"They are not!" » Ron roared.
“Lynch is!” Harry shouted.
And he was right: for the second time, Lynch hit the ground with enormous force and was immediately shoved by a horde of angry Veela.
“The Snitch, where is the Snitch?”  Charlie bellowed down the row.
“He’s got it – Krum has it – it’s over!”  Harry shouted.
Krum, her red dress glistening with the blood that flowed from her nose, rose gently into the air, her fist raised, a golden glint in her hand.
The scoreboard paraded BULGARIA: 160, IRELAND: 170 in front of the crowd who did not seem to have realized what had happened.  Then, slowly, as if a big jumbo jet was picking up speed, the roars of the Irish fans grew louder and louder and burst into shouts of joy.
“IRELAND WINS!”  shouted Bagman, who like the Irish, seemed taken aback by the sudden end of the match.
“KRUM GETS THE SHINE – BUT IRELAND WINS – gee, I don’t think any of us expected that!”
“Why did he catch the Snitch?”  Ron yelled, even as he jumped up and down, clapping with his hands above his head. “He finished with Ireland a hundred and sixty points ahead, that idiot!”
“He knew they would never catch up!”  Harry shouted in response to all the noise, also clapping loudly.  "The Irish Chasers were too good. . . . He wanted to finish it on his terms, that's all. . .
“He was very brave, wasn’t he?”  " Hermione said, leaning forward to watch Krum land as a swarm of mediwizards made their way through the fighting pixies and veela to reach him. "He looks in very bad shape... "
Harry put his omnioculars back in front of his eyes.  It was difficult to see what was happening below, as the pixies were happily zooming all over the field, but he could just make out Krum, surrounded by mediwizards.  He looked more sullen than ever and refused to let himself be mopped up.  His team members were around him, shaking their heads and looking dejected; a stone's throw away, the Irish players danced joyfully under a shower of gold falling from their mascots.  Flags were flying all over the stadium, the Irish national anthem was blaring from all sides; The Veela now regained their usual beauty, although they seemed discouraged and desperate.
"Vell, I fought bravely," said a dark voice behind Harry.  He looked around; he was the Bulgarian Minister of Magic.
"You can speak English!"  » said Fudge, sounding outraged. “And you let me mime everything all day!”
 “Sail is very funny,” said the Bulgarian minister, shrugging his shoulders.
“And as the Irish team takes a victory lap, flanked by their mascots, the Quidditch World Cup itself enters the Top Box!”  » roared Bagman.
Harry's eyes were suddenly dazzled by a blinding white light, as the Top Box was magically illuminated so that everyone in the stands could see inside. Squinting towards the entrance, he saw two panting wizards carrying a large golden cup into the box, which they handed to Cornelius Fudge, who still looked very displeased from having used sign language all day to Nothing.
“Let's raise our hands very loudly for the valiant losers: Bulgaria!”  Bagman shouted.
And the seven defeated Bulgarian players climbed the stairs into the box. The crowd below clapped appreciatively; Harry could see thousands and thousands of omniocular lenses flashing and blinking in their direction.
One by one, the Bulgarians filed through the rows of seats in the box, and Bagman shouted each person's name as they shook hands with their own minister and then with Fudge. Krum, who was last in line, looked really messy.  Two black eyes bloomed spectacularly on his bloodied face.  He was still holding the Snitch.  Harry noticed that he seemed much less coordinated on the field.  He had slight duck legs and distinctly round shoulders.  But when Krum's name was announced, the entire stadium let out a resounding, ear-piercing roar.
And then came the Irish team.  Aidan Lynch was supported by Moran and Connolly; the second crash seemed to have stunned him and his eyes seemed strangely blurry. BBut he smiled happily as Troy and Quigley raised the Cup into the air and the crowd below thundered their approval.  Harry's hands were numb from the applause.
Finally, as the Irish team left the box to take another victory lap on their brooms (Aidan Lynch on the back of Confolly's, clutching tightly around his waist and still smiling bemusedly), Bagman pointed his wand at his throat and muttered "Quietus."
“They will talk about it for years,” he said hoarsely, “a truly unexpected twist, which... too bad it couldn't have lasted longer... Ah yes... yes, I How much do you owe?
Because Fred and George had just climbed onto the backs of their seats and stood in front of Ludo Bagman with broad smiles on their faces, hands outstretched. 

CHAPTER NINE - THE DARK MARK

		Don't tell your mother you played," Mr. Weasley implored Fred and George as they all slowly descended the purple carpeted stairs.
		"Don't worry, Dad," Fred said cheerfully, "we have big plans for this money. We don't want it confiscated."
		Mr. Weasley looked for a moment as if he was asking what these grand plans were, but seemed to decide, upon reflection, that he did not want to know.
		They were quickly overtaken by the crowds leaving the stadium and returning to their campsites. Raucous chants rang out toward them in the night air as they retraced their steps along the lantern-lit path, and goblins continued to shoot overhead, giggling and waving their lanterns.  When they finally reached the tents, no one wanted to sleep, and given the level of noise around them, Mr. Weasley agreed that they could all have one last cup of cocoa together before bed. They were soon arguing pleasantly about the match. ; Mr. Weasley became embroiled in a disagreement over teasing with Charlie, and it wasn't until Ginny fell asleep right next to the small table and spilled hot chocolate all over the floor that Mr. Weasley put a stop to the verbal replays and insisted that everyone leave. in bed.  Hermione and Ginny entered the nearby tent, and Harry and the rest of the Weasleys changed into pajamas and climbed into their bunks.  On the other side of the campsite, they could still hear many chants and some echoing bangs.
"Oh, I'm glad I'm off duty," Mr. Weasley muttered sleepily.  “I wouldn’t want to have to tell the Irish that they need to stop partying.”
Harry, who was on an upper bunk above Ron, lay looking up at the canvas ceiling of the tent, watching the glow of a pixie lantern flying overhead, and again imagining some of the movements the most spectacular of Krum.  He couldn't wait to pick up his own Firebolt and try out Wronski's Feint. . . . Somehow Oliver Wood had never managed to convey with all his wiggling diagrams what this movement was supposed to look like. . Harry saw himself in robes that had his name on the back, and imagined the feeling of hearing a crowd of a hundred thousand roar, as Ludo Bagman's voice echoed throughout the stadium, "I give you... Potter !”
Harry never knew whether he had actually fallen asleep or not - his fantasies of flying like Krum could very well have turned into real dreams - all he knew was that, suddenly, Mr. Weasley was screaming .
"Get up! Ron - Harry - come on now, get up, it's urgent!"
 Harry sat up quickly and the top of his head hit the canvas.
"It is important ?" he said.
Vaguely, he could tell something was wrong.  The noises in the campsite had changed. The singing had stopped.  He could hear screams and the sound of people running.  He got off the bunk and grabbed his clothes, but Mr. Weasley, who had pulled on his jeans over his own pajamas, said, "No time, Harry – just grab a jacket and get out – quickly!"
Harry did as he was told and hurried out of the tent, Ron hot on his heels.
In the light of the few fires that still burned, he could see people running away into the woods, fleeing from something that was crossing the field towards them, something that was emitting strange flashes of light and noises like gunshots. .  Loud jeers, bursts of laughter and drunken cries drifted towards them; then came a burst of strong green light that illuminated the scene.
A crowd of wizards, packed together and moving together with their wands pointed upwards, walked slowly across the field. Harry looked at them. . . . They didn't seem to have faces. . . . Then he realized that their heads were hooded and their faces masked.  Above them, floating in the air, four struggling figures contorted themselves into grotesque shapes.  It was as if the masked wizards on the ground were puppeteers and the people above them were puppets operated by invisible strings that rose from the wands into the air. Two of the figures were very small.
Other wizards joined the marching group, laughing and pointing at the floaters.  Tents crumpled and collapsedAs the marching crowd grew.  Once or twice Harry saw one of the protesters blow up a tent with his wand.  Several caught fire.  The screams grew louder.
The floating people were suddenly illuminated as they passed over a burning tent and Harry recognized one of them: Mr. Roberts, the campground manager.  The other three appeared to be his wife and children.  One of the protesters below knocked Ms. Roberts over with his baton; her nightgown fell to reveal bulky drawers and she struggled to cover herself as the crowd below her screamed and booed with joy.
"This is crazy," Ron muttered, watching the smaller Muggle child, who had started spinning like a top, sixty feet above the ground, his head hanging limply from side to side. "It's really sick..."
Hermione and Ginny rushed over, pulling on their coats over their nightgowns, with Mr. Weasley right behind them.  At the same time, Bill, Charlie and Percy emerged from the boys' tent, fully dressed, with their sleeves rolled up and their wands out.
“We’re going to help the Ministry!”  Mr. Weasley shouted over all the noise, rolling up his own sleeves.  “All of you, go into the woods and stay together. I'll come get you when we've sorted this out!
Bill, Charlie, and Percy were already running towards the oncoming walkers; Mr. Weasley ran after them. Ministry wizards were rushing from all directions towards the source of the problem.  The crowd behind the Roberts family was getting closer and closer.
"Come on," Fred said, grabbing Ginny's hand and starting to pull her towards the wood. Harry, Ron, Hermione and George followed. They all turned around as they reached the trees. The crowd behind the Roberts family was larger than ever; they could see the Ministry wizards trying to get through the hooded wizards in the center, but they were having great difficulty. It seemed like they were afraid of casting a spell that could bring down the Roberts family.
The colorful lanterns that lit the path leading to the stadium had been extinguished.  Dark figures ran through the trees; the children were crying; Anxious screams and panicked voices echoed around them in the cold night air.  Harry felt himself being pushed here and there by people whose faces he couldn't see.  Then he heard Ron cry out in pain.
"What happened?"  Hermione said anxiously, stopping so abruptly that Harry entered her.  "Ron, where are you? Oh, that's stupid - lumos!"
She lit her wand and aimed its narrow beam down the path. Ron was lying on the ground.
“I tripped on a tree root,” he said angrily, getting back to his feet.
"Well, with feet that size, it's hard not to," a voice drawled from behind them.
Harry, Ron and Hermione turned abruptly. Draco Malfoy stood alone nearby, leaning against a tree, looking completely relaxed.  Arms crossed, he seemed to have observed the campsite scene through a gap in the trees.
Ron told Malfoy to do something Harry knew he would never dare say in front of Mrs. Weasley.
"Language, Weasley," Malfoy said, his pale eyes glinting.  "Don't you better hurry now? You wouldn't want her to be spotted, would you?"
He nodded to Hermione, and at the same time, a bomb-like explosion rang out from the campsite, and a flash of green light momentarily illuminated the trees around them.
“What is that supposed to mean?” » Hermione said defiantly.  "Granger, they're going after Muggles," Malfoy said.  "Do you want to show your panties in the air? Because if you do, stick around...they're moving that way, and it would make us all laugh."
"Hermione is a witch," Harry growled.
"Do as you wish, Potter," Malfoy said, smiling mischievously. "If you think they can't spot a Mudblood, stay where you are."
“Watch your mouth!” Ron shouted. Everyone present knew that "Mudblood" was a very offensive term for a witch or wizard of Muggle descent.
"Whatever, Ron," Hermione said quickly, grabbing Ron's arm to hold him as he took a step towards Malfoy.
There was a bang from beyond the trees that was louder than anything they had heard. Several people nearby shouted. Malfoy laughed softly.
“They scare easily, don’t they?” he said lazily. “I take it your father told you to hide?” What is he doing: trying to save the Muggles?
"Where are your parents ?" Harry said, his temper rising. “They wear masks outside, right?”
Malfoy turned his face towards Harry, still smiling.
"Well...if they were, I probably wouldn't tell you, would I, Potter?"
"Oh come on," Hermione said, with a disgusted look at Malfoy, "let's go find the others."
 "Keep that big bushy head down, Granger," Malfoy sneered.
"Come on," Hermione repeated, and she dragged Harry and Ron along the path again.
“I’ll bet you anything, his father is part of that masked group!” » Ron said warmly.
"Well, hopefully the Ministry will catch him!" said Hermione fervently.Really. "Oh, I can't believe it. Where have the others gone?"
Fred, George and Ginny were nowhere to be seen, although the path was filled with many other people, all looking nervously over their shoulders towards the hustle and bustle of the campsite.  A group of teenagers in pajamas were arguing vehemently further down the path.  When they saw Harry, Ron and Hermione, a girl with thick, curly hair turned and quickly said, "Where is Madame Maxime? We lost her -"
“Uh...what?” Ron said.
"Oh. . ." The girl who had spoken turned her back to him, and as they advanced they heard her distinctly say, "Ogwarts."
"Beauxbatons," Hermione muttered.
"Sorry?" Harry said.
"They have to go to Beauxbatons," Hermione said.  "You know... the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic... I read about it in An Assessment of Magical Education in Europe."
"Oh...yeah...that's right," Harry said.
"Fred and George can't have gone that far," Ron said, taking out his wand, lighting it like Hermione's, and narrowing his eyes at the path. Harry searched his jacket pockets for his own wand – but it wasn't there.  The only thing he could find was his omnioculars.
"Oh no, I don't believe it... I lost my wand!"
 “Are you kidding me!”
Ron and Hermione raised their wands high enough to spread the narrow beams of light further onto the ground; Harry looked around, but his wand was nowhere in sight.
"Maybe it's back in the tent," Ron said.
“Maybe it fell out of your pocket while we were running?” » Hermione suggested anxiously.
“Yeah,” Harry said, “maybe.
He usually kept his wand with him at all times in the wizarding world, and finding himself without it in the middle of a scene like this made him feel very vulnerable.
A rustling nearby startled all three of them. Winky, the house elf, was making his way out of a nearby clump of bushes.  She moved in a very peculiar way, apparently with great difficulty; it was as if someone invisible was trying to hold her back.
“There are bad wizards around!” she squealed distractedly as she leaned forward and tried to keep running.  "People are high, high in the air! Winky get out of the way!"
And she disappeared into the trees across the path, panting and squealing as she struggled against the force that held her.
“What’s going on with her?” » Ron said, looking at Winky curiously.  “Why can’t she run properly?”
"I bet she didn't ask permission to hide," Harry said.  He thought about Dobby: every time he had tried to do something that the Malfoys didn't like, the house elf had been forced to start taking it out on himself.
 “You know, house elves are treated very badly!” Hermione said indignantly. "That's slavery, that's what it is! That Mr. Crouch made her go to the top of the stadium, and she was terrified, and he bewitched her so she couldn't even run when they start trampling the tents! Why isn't it working?" No one is doing anything about this? »
"Well, the elves are happy, aren't they?"  » Ron said.  "You heard old Winky at the match... 'House elves aren't supposed to have fun'... that's what she likes, being bossed around..."
"It's people like you, Ron," Hermione began warmly, "who support rotten and unjust systems, simply because they're too lazy to –"
Another loud bang echoed at the edge of the woods.
“Let’s keep moving, okay?” Ron said, and Harry saw him glance nervously at Hermione.  Maybe there was truth in what Malfoy had said; maybe Hermione was in more danger than them.  They set off again, Harry still searching his pockets, even though he knew his wand wasn't there.
They followed the dark path deeper into the wood, always keeping an eye out for Fred, George and Ginny.  They passed a group of goblins who were laughing about a bag of gold they had undoubtedly won by betting on the match, and who seemed not at all perturbed by the trouble going on at the campsite.  Still further along the path, they walked into a patch of silver light, and when they looked through the trees, they saw three tall, handsome Veela standing in a clearing, surrounded by a group of young wizards, all of whom were talking very loudly. strong. .
“I take out about a hundred bags of galleons a year!”  » shouted one of them.  "I'm a dragon slayer for the Committee for the Elimination of Dangerous Creatures."
 "No, this is not the case!"  shouted his friend.  "You're a dishwasher at the Leaky Cauldron... but I'm a vampire hunter, I've killed about ninety of them so far -"
A third young wizard, whose pimples were visible even in the dim silver light of the Veela, now interrupted, "I'm about to become the youngest Minister of Magic ever, I am."
Harry snorted with laughter. He recognized the spotty wizard: his name was Stan Shunpike, and he was actually the conductor of the three-decker Knight Bus.  He turned to tell Ron this, but Ron's face had become strangely relaxed, and the next second Ron was shouting, "Did I tell you I invented a broomstick that will reach Jupiter?"
"Honestly!" Hermione said, and she and Harry grabbed Ron firmly by thearm, turned him around and took him away. By the time the sounds of the Veela and their admirers had completely faded, they were in the very heart of the wood.  They seemed alone now; everything was much calmer.
Harry looked around. "I think we can just wait here, you know. We'll hear anyone coming from a mile away."
The words had barely left his mouth when Ludo Bagman emerged from behind a tree right in front of them.
Even in the dim light of both wands, Harry could see that a great change had occurred in Bagman.  He no longer looked happy and rosy-faced; there was no spring in his step.  He looked very white and tense.
"Who is it?" He said, blinking, trying to make out their faces.  “What are you doing here, all alone?”
They looked at each other, surprised.
"Well, there's some sort of riot going on," Ron said.
Bagman looked at him.
"What?"
"At the campsite... some people got their hands on a Muggle family...
Bagman cursed loudly.
“To hell with them!” he said, looking quite distracted, and without another word, he disappeared with a small pop!
“Not quite aware, Mr. Bagman, are you?” Hermione said with a frown.
"But he was a great Drummer," Ron said, leading the way to a small clearing and sitting down on a patch of dry grass at the base of a tree.  “Wimbourne Wasps won the league three times in a row while he was with them.”
He took his little Krum figurine out of his pocket, placed it on the ground and watched it walk around. Like the real Krum, the model had slightly duck-shaped feet and rounded shoulders, much less impressive on its splayed feet than on its broomstick.  Harry listened to the noise of the campsite.  Everything seemed much calmer; maybe the riot was over.
"I hope the others are okay," Hermione said after a moment.
“Everything will be fine,” Ron said.
"Imagine if your father caught Lucius Malfoy," Harry said, sitting down next to Ron and looking at Krum's small figure sprawled on the dead leaves.  “He always said he’d like to get something on him.”
"That would wipe away old Draco's smirk, all right," Ron said.
"But those poor Muggles," Hermione said nervously. “What if they can’t get them down?”
"They will," Ron said reassuringly. “They will find a way.”
 "But it's crazy to do something like this when the whole Ministry of Magic is here tonight!"  Hermione said.  “I mean, how do they expect to get out of this? Do you think they drank, or did they…”
But she suddenly stopped and looked over her shoulder. Harry and Ron quickly looked around as well.  It looked like someone was staggering towards their clearing.  They waited, listening to the sounds of uneven footsteps behind the dark trees.  But the footsteps suddenly stopped.
"Good morning?" Harry called.
There was a silence. Harry stood up and looked around the tree. It was too dark to see very far, but he could feel someone standing just beyond his line of vision.
"Who is here?" he said.
And then, without warning, the silence was torn by a voice unlike any they had heard in the wood; and he uttered, not a cry of panic, but what sounded like a spell.
“BITE! »
And something vast and green and sparkling emerged from the area of ​​darkness that Harry's eyes had struggled to penetrate; it flew over the treetops and into the sky.
"What is - ?"  Ron gasped as he stood up again, staring at the thing that had appeared.
For a split second, Harry thought it was another formation of pixies. Then he realized it was a colossal skull, made of what looked like emerald stars, with a snake protruding from its mouth like a tongue. As they watched, it rose higher and higher, flaming in a haze of greenish smoke, etched against the black sky like a new constellation.
 Suddenly, the woods all around them erupted with screams. Harry didn't understand why, but the only possible cause was the sudden appearance of the skull, which had now risen high enough to light up the entire wood like a macabre neon sign. He peered into the darkness for the person who had summoned the skull, but he saw no one.
"Who is here?" he called back.
"Harry, come on, move!"  Hermione had grabbed the collar of his jacket and was pulling it back.
"What is the problem?" » Harry said, surprised to see her face so white and terrified.
"It's the Dark Mark, Harry!" Hermione moaned, pulling him as hard as she could. “The sign of You-Know-Who! »
“Voldemort – “Harry, come on!”
Harry turned around - Ron hurriedly picked up his miniature Krum - the three of them began to cross the clearing - but before they had taken a few hurried steps, a series of sharp noises announced the arrival of twenty wizards, appearing out of nowhere, surrounding them. .
Harry turned around and in an instant he registered a fact: each of these wizards had their wands drawn, and each wand was pointed directly at himself, Ron and Hermione.
Without thinking, he shouted: “DTHANK YOU!"
He grabbed the other two and knocked them to the ground.
“STUPID!”  twenty voices roared – there was a series of blinding flashes and Harry felt the hair on his head ripple as if a powerful wind had swept across the clearing.  Raising his head a fraction of an inch, he saw jets of fiery red light flying over them from the wizards' wands, crossing each other, bouncing off tree trunks, bouncing into the darkness... 
"Stop!"  » shouted a voice he recognized. “STOP! It’s my son!” 
Harry's hair stopped flowing.  He raised his head a little higher. The wizard in front of him had lowered his wand.  He turned around and saw Mr. Weasley walking towards them, looking terrified.
"Ron - Harry" - his voice was shaky - "Hermione - are you okay?"
"Move aside, Arthur," said a cold, curt voice.
It was Mr. Crouch.  He and the other Ministry wizards were closing in on them. Harry stood up to face them.  Mr. Crouch's face was tight with rage.
“Which one of you did this?” he spat, his sharp eyes darting between them. "Which one of you summoned the Dark Mark?"
“We didn’t do that!” Harry said, pointing to the skull. 
“We didn’t do anything!” » said Ron, rubbing his elbow and looking at his father indignantly. “Why did you want to attack us?”
“Don’t lie, sir!” » shouted Mr. Crouch. His wand was still pointed directly at Ron, and his eyes were glowing – he looked slightly angry. “You were discovered at the crime scene!”
“Barty,” whispered a witch in a long woolen dressing gown, “they're children, Barty, they never could have
“Where did the Mark come from, you three?” » Mr. Weasley said quickly.
"Over there," Hermione said shakily, pointing to where they had heard the voice. "There was someone behind the trees...they were shouting words - an incantation -"
 “Oh, they were there, weren’t they?” Mr. Crouch said, now turning his wide eyes towards Hermione, disbelief etched all over his face. "They said an incantation, didn't they? You seem very knowledgeable about how Mark is summoned, miss -"
But none of the Ministry wizards, except Mr. Crouch, seemed to think it very likely that Harry, Ron, or Hermione had summoned the skull; instead, at Hermione's words, they had all raised their wands again and were pointing in the direction she had indicated, squinting through the dark trees.
“We are too late,” said the witch in the woolen dressing gown, shaking her head. "They will have apparated."
“I don’t think so,” said a wizard with a bushy brown beard. It was Amos Diggory, Cedric's father. "Our Stunners went through those trees. . . . There's a good chance we got them. . .
“Amos, be careful!” a few wizards said warningly as Mr. Diggory straightened his shoulders, raised his wand, crossed the clearing and disappeared into the darkness. Hermione watched him disappear, hands over her mouth.
Seconds later, they heard Mr. Diggory screaming.
"Yes! We got them! There's someone here! Unconscious! It's - but - shit. .
“Do you have anyone?” » shouted Mr. Crouch, sounding very incredulous. "Who? Who is it?"
They heard twigs snapping, leaves rustling, then footsteps as Mr. Diggory reappeared from behind the trees. He carried a small, soft figure in his arms. Harry recognized the cloth immediately.  It was Winky.
Mr. Crouch did not move or speak as Mr. Diggory lay on the ground at his feet. The other wizards in the Ministry all looked at Mr. Crouch. For a few seconds, Crouch stood frozen, his eyes blazing in his white face as he stared at Winky. Then he seemed to come to life.
“That can’t be the case,” he said jerkily. "No -"
He quickly walked around Mr. Diggory and headed towards where he had found Winky.
"It's no use, Mr. Crouch," Mr. Diggory shouted at him. “There’s no one else there.”
But Mr. Crouch did not seem inclined to take his word for it. They could hear him moving and the rustling of leaves as he parted the bushes, searching.
"It's a bit embarrassing," Mr. Diggory said darkly, looking at Winky's unconscious form. "Barty Crouch's house elf...I mean..."
"Stop it, Amos," Mr. Weasley said softly, "you don't seriously think it was the elf? The Dark Mark is a wizard's sign. It requires a wand."
“Yeah,” said Mr. Diggory, “and she had a wand.”
"What?" said Mr. Weasley.
“Here, look.” Mr. Diggory raised a wand and showed it to Mr. Weasley. "Had it in his hand. So, first of all, it's clause three of the Wand Code that's being broken. No non-human creature is allowed to carry or use a wand. "
Just then there was another pop and Ludo Bagman apparated right next to Mr. Weasley.  Looking out of breath and disoriented, he turned on the spot, looking up at the emerald green skull.
 “The Dark Mark!” he panted, almost trampling Winky as he turned to his colleagues questioningly.  "Who did this? Did you get them? Barry! What's happening?"
Mr. Crouch had returned empty-handed.  Its fAce was still ghostly white, and his hands and toothbrush mustache were both shaking.
“Where have you been, Barty?” Bagman said. "Why weren't you at the game? Your elf had a seat for you too – swallowing gargoyles!"  Bagman had just noticed Winky lying at his feet.  “What happened to him?”
"I've been busy, Ludo," Mr. Crouch said, still speaking in the same staccato manner, barely moving his lips.  "And my elf was stunned."
"Stunned? By you, you mean? But why -?" 
Understanding suddenly appeared on Bagman's round, bright face; he looked at the skull, at Winky, then at Mr. Crouch.
"No!" he said. "Winky? Summon the Dark Mark? She wouldn't know how to do it! She'd need a wand, to begin with!"
“And she had one,” Mr. Diggory said.  "I found her holding one, Ludo. If it's okay with you, Mr. Crouch, I think we should hear what she has to say for herself."
Crouch showed no sign that he had heard Mr. Diggory, but Mr. Diggory seemed to take his silence for assent.  He raised his own wand, pointed it at Winky and said, "Ennervate!"
Winky stirred weakly. Her big brown eyes opened and she blinked several times in confusion. Under the gaze of the silent wizards, she stood up, trembling, and moved into a sitting position.
She saw Mr. Diggory's feet, and slowly, trembling, raised her eyes to look at his face; then, more slowly still, she raised her eyes to the sky. Harry could see the floating skull reflected twice in its huge glassy eyes. She let out a gasp, looked wildly around the crowded clearing, and burst into terrified sobs.
"Elf!" said Mr. Diggory sternly. " Do you know who I am ? I am a member of the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures!
Winky began to rock back and forth on the floor, her breathing ragged.  Harry remembered Dobby vividly in his moments of terrified disobedience.
“As you see, elf, the Dark Mark was summoned here not long ago,” Mr. Diggory said. “And you were discovered moments later, right underneath!” An explanation, please!
“I – I – I don’t, sir!” Winky gasped. “I don’t know how, sir!”
“You were found with a wand in your hand!” barked Mr. Diggory, brandishing it in front of her.  And as the wand picked up the green light that filled the clearing from the skull above, Harry recognized it.
“Hey, it’s mine!” he said
Everyone in the clearing was looking at him.
"Excuse me?" said Mr. Diggory, incredulously.
“It’s my wand!” Harry said. "I dropped it!"
“Did you drop it?” Mr. Diggory repeated incredulously.  "Is this a confession? You put it aside after you invoked the Mark?"
“Amos, think about who you’re talking to!”  said Mr. Weasley, very angry.  "Is Harry Potter likely to invoke the Dark Mark?"
 “Um, of course not,” Mr. Diggory muttered. “Sorry... carried away...
"I didn't drop it there anyway," Harry said, pointing his thumb at the trees beneath the skull. “I missed it right after we entered the woods.”
"So," Mr. Diggory said, his eyes hardening as he turned to look at Winky again, cowering at his feet.  “You found that wand, didn’t you, elf?” And you picked it up thinking you'd have fun with it, right?
“I don’t do magic with it, sir!”  » Winky cried, tears streaming down the sides of her crushed, bulbous nose.  "I am...I am...I'm just picking it up, sir! I'm not doing the Dark Mark, sir, I don't know how!"
“It wasn’t her!” Hermione said.  She looked very nervous, speaking in front of all these Ministry wizards, but determined nonetheless.  “Winky has a squeaky little voice, and the voice we heard while doing the incantation was much deeper!”  She looked at Harry and Ron, calling for their support.  "That didn't look like Winky at all, did it?"
"No," Harry said, shaking his head. "It definitely didn't look like an elf."
"Yeah, it was a human voice," Ron said.
"Well, we'll see soon," grunted Mr. Diggory, looking unimpressed. "There is a simple way to find out the last spell cast by a wand, elf, did you know that?"
Winky shivered and shook her head frantically, her ears fluttering, as Mr. Diggory raised his own wand again and placed it end to end with Harry's.
“Before Incantato!” » roared Mr. Diggory.
Harry heard Hermione gasp in horror as a gigantic snake-tongued skull emerged from the point where the two wands met, but it was only a mere shadow of the green skull above them; it looked like it was made of thick gray smoke: the ghost of a spell.
“Deletrius!” » shouted Mr. Diggory, and the smoky skull disappeared in a wisp of smoke.
“So,” said Mr. Diggory with a sort of savage triumph, looking at Winky, who was still shaking convulsively.
"I do not do it !"  » she shouted, her eyes rolling in terror.  "I'm not, I'm not, I don't know how! I'm a good elf, I don't use wands, I don't know how!"
“You were caught red-handed, elf!” Mr. Diggory roared. “Caught with the guilty wand in hand!”
“Amos,” said Mr. Weasley Lou"Think about it. . . . very few wizards know how to cast this spell. . . . Where would she have learned it?"
“Perhaps Amos is suggesting,” Mr. Crouch said, cold anger in every syllable, “that I regularly teach my servants to invoke the Dark Mark?”
There was a deeply unpleasant silence.  Amos Diggory looked horrified.  “Mr Crouch…not…not at all.
“You are now about to accuse the two people in this clearing who are least likely to conjure up this Mark! » barked Mr. Crouch.  “Harry Potter – and myself.” I suppose you know the story of the boy, Amos?
“Of course – everyone knows –” Mr. Diggory muttered, looking very embarrassed.
"And I hope you remember the numerous proofs I have given, during my long career, that I despise and hate the Dark Arts and those who practice them?"  Mr. Crouch shouted, his eyes bulging again.
"Mr. Crouch, I – I never suggested that you had anything to do with this!"  Amos Diggory muttered again, blushing behind his bushy brown beard.
 “If you accuse my elf, you accuse me, Diggory!” » shouted Mr. Crouch.  “Where else would she have learned to ward off him?”
“She…she could have gotten it anywhere…”
"Precisely, Amos," said Mr. Weasley. “She could have picked it up anywhere...Winky?”  » he said kindly, turning to the elf, but she flinched as if he too was shouting at her. "Where exactly did you find Harry's wand?"
Winky twisted the hem of her cloth so violently that it frayed under her fingers.
"I - I'm finding it... I find it there, sir. . . ." she whispered, “there...in the trees, sir.
“See, Amos?” said Mr. Weasley. "Whoever invoked the Mark could have apparated right after doing so, leaving Harry's wand behind. A smart thing to do, not use his own wand, which could have betrayed him. And Winky here has had the misfortune to come across the wand a few moments later and collect it.
“But then she would have only been a few meters from the real culprit!” said Mr. Diggory impatiently.  “Elf?” Have you seen anyone?
Winky began to shake even more than ever. His giant eyes moved from Mr. Diggory to Ludo Bagman to Mr. Crouch.  Then she swallowed and said: "I don't see anyone, sir...no one. .
"Amos," Mr. Crouch said dryly, "I am fully aware that in the normal course of events you would want to take Winky into your department for questioning. I ask, however, that you allow me to deal with her "
Mr. Diggory did not seem to think anything of this suggestion, but it was clear to Harry that Mr. Crouch was such an important member of the Ministry that he did not dare refuse it.
“You may be assured that she will be punished,” added Mr. Crouch coldly.
"M-m-master..." Winky stammered as she looked up at Mr. Crouch, her eyes filling with tears.  “M-m-master, p-p-please....”
Mr. Crouch stared back, his face somewhat sharp, each line more deeply etched. There was no pity in his eyes.
"Winky behaved tonight in a way I wouldn't have thought possible," he said slowly.  "I told her to stay in the tent. I told her to stay there while I went to fix the problem. And I see she's disobeyed me. That means clothes."
"No!" cried Winky, prostrating himself at Mr. Crouch's feet.  "No, master! No clothes, no clothes!"
Harry knew that the only way to free a house elf was to provide him with suitable clothing.  It was pitiful to see the way Winky clutched her cloth as she sobbed at Mr. Crouch's feet.
“But she was scared!”  Hermione burst into anger, glaring at Mr. Crouch.  "Your elf is afraid of heights, and those masked wizards were levitating people! You can't blame him for wanting to get out of their way!"
Mr. Crouch took a step back, freeing himself from contact with the elf, whom he watched as if she were something dirty and rotten contaminating his over-polished shoes.
"I have no use for a house elf who disobeys me," he said coldly, looking at Hermione.  "I have no need of a servant who forgets what is due to her master and her master's reputation."
Winky was crying so hard that her sobs echoed throughout the clearing.  There was a very unpleasant silence, which was ended by Mr. Weasley, who said quietly, "Well, I think I'll take my group back to the tent, if no one has any objections." Amos, this wand has told us everything it can. - if Harry could have it back, please -"
Mr. Diggory handed Harry his wand and Harry put it in his pocket.
"Come on, you three," Mr. Weasley said softly.  But Hermione didn't seem to want to move; his eyes were still fixed on the sobbing elf.  “Hermione! » said Mr. Weasley, with more urgency. She turned and followed Harry and Ron out of the clearing and through the trees.
“What will happen to Winky? » Hermione said, as they left the clearing.
"I don't know," said Mr. Weasley.
“The way they treated her!” Hermione said furiously. "Mr. Diggory, calling her 'elf' all the time...and Mr. Crouch! He knows she saysdon't do it and he'll still send her away! He didn't care how scared she was or how upset she was – it was like she wasn't even human! »
"Well, it's not," Ron said.
Hermione turned to him.
"That doesn't mean she doesn't have feelings, Ron. It's disgusting to see -"
"Hermione, I agree with you," Mr. Weasley said quickly, waving at her, "but now is not the time to discuss elf rights. I want to get back to the tent as quickly as possible. 'happened to the others?'
 “We lost them in the dark,” Ron said.  “Dad, why was everyone so nervous about this skull thing?”
"I'll explain everything to the tent," Mr. Weasley said tensely.
But when they reached the edge of the woods, their progress was hampered. A large crowd of frightened-looking witches and wizards were gathered there, and when they saw Mr. Weasley coming towards them, many of them rushed forward.
“What’s going on in there?”
“Who conjured it?”
“Arthur – it’s not – Him?”
"Of course it's not Him," Mr. Weasley said impatiently. "We don't know who it was; it looks like they apparated. Now excuse me, please, I want to go to bed."
He led Harry, Ron and Hermione through the crowds and back to the campsite.  All was quiet now; there was no sign of the masked wizards, although several ruined tents still smoked.
Charlie's head was sticking out of the boys' tent.
“Dad, what’s going on?” » he shouted into the darkness. "Fred, George and Ginny are back safely, but the others -"
"I've got them here," Mr. Weasley said, leaning down and entering the tent. Harry, Ron and Hermione entered after him.
Bill was sitting at the small kitchen table, holding a sheet over his arm which was bleeding profusely. Charlie had a large tear in his shirt and Percy had a bloody nose. Fred, George and Ginny appeared unharmed, although shaken.
“Did you get them, Dad?” » Bill said abruptly. “The person who summoned the Mark?”
"No," said Mr. Weasley. "We found Barry Crouch's elf holding Harry's wand, but we don't know who actually conquered the Mark."
"What?" » Bill, Charlie and Percy said together. "Harry's wand?" Fred said.
"Mr. Crouch's elf," Percy said, looking stunned.
With the help of Harry, Ron and Hermione, Mr. Weasley explained what had happened in the woods.  When they finished their story, Percy swelled with indignation.
"Well, Mr. Crouch is absolutely right to get rid of an elf like that!"  he said.  "Running away when he had specifically told her not to... embarrass her in front of the entire Ministry... what would that have looked like, if she had been brought up in front of the Department of Regulation and Enforcement? Control - "
“She didn’t do anything, she was just in the wrong place at the wrong time!”  » Hermione said to Percy, who looked very surprised.  Hermione had always gotten along quite well with Percy – better, in fact, than with any of the others.
"Hermione, a wizard in Mr. Crouch's position can't afford a house elf going on a rampage with a wand!"  » Percy said pompously, composing himself.
“She hasn’t gone crazy!” » Hermione shouted. “She just picked it up off the floor!”
“Look, can someone explain what that skull was?”  Ron said impatiently.  "It didn't hurt anyone. . . . Why is it so bad?"
"I told you, it's the symbol of You-Know-Who, Ron," Hermione said, before anyone could respond.  "I read that in The Rise and Fall of the Forces of Evil."
"And it hasn't been seen for thirteen years," Mr. Weasley said softly. "Of course people freaked out...it was almost like seeing You-Know-Who again."
"I don't understand," Ron said, frowning.  "I mean...it's still just a shape in the sky...
"Ron, You-Know-Who and his followers sent the Dark Mark into the air every time they killed," Mr. Weasley said.  "The terror it inspired... you have no idea, you're too young. Just imagine coming home and finding the Dark Mark hovering over your house, and knowing what you're on the point of finding inside..." Mr. Weasley grimaced. "Everyone's worst fear...the worst...
There was a moment of silence. Then Bill, pulling the sheet off his arm to check his cut, said, "Well, it didn't help us tonight, whoever summoned it. It scared the Death Eaters as soon as they got it." seen. They all apparated before us. "We got close enough to unmask each of them. We caught the Roberts before they hit the ground, but their memory is currently altered.
“Death Eaters? Harry said. "What are Death Eaters?"
“That’s what the You-Know-Who supporters called themselves,” Bill said.  "I think we saw what's left of them tonight – the ones who managed to stay away from Azkaban, anyway."
"We can't prove it was them, Bill," Mr. Weasley said.  “Even though it probably was,” he added desperately.
“Yeah, I bet it was!” Ron said suddenly. "Dad, we met Draco Malfoy in the woods, and he almost told us that his father was one of those masked weirdos! And we all know the Malfoys were in You-Know-Who's camp!"
"But who were Voldemort's supporters?"Sorry," Harry said quickly. "What were the followers of You-Know-Who doing?" by levitating Muggles? I mean, what’s the point?”
"Point?" said Mr. Weasley with a hollow laugh.  "Harry, that's their idea of ​​fun. Half the Muggle murders during You-Know-Who's time in power were done for fun. I guess they had a few drinks tonight and didn't couldn't help but remind us that many of them are still here." in general. A nice little reunion for them,” he finished with disgust.
"But if they were Death Eaters, why did they Apparate when they saw the Dark Mark?" Ron said.  “They would have been happy to see him, wouldn’t they?” 
“Use your brain, Ron,” Bill said. "If they really were Death Eaters, they worked very hard to stay away from Azkaban when You-Know-Who lost power, and told all kinds of lies about it forcing them to killing and torturing people. I bet they would be even more scared than the rest of us to see him come back. They denied ever being involved with him when he lost his powers, and went back to. their daily lives. You’re happy with them, aren’t you?”
"So... whoever summoned the Dark Mark..." Hermione said slowly, "were they doing that to show support for the Death Eaters, or to scare them?
"Your guess is as good as ours, Hermione," Mr. Weasley said. "But I'll tell you this... only Death Eaters knew how to conjure it. I'd be very surprised if the person who did it hadn't been a Death Eater once, even if they "I'm not Not now. Look, it's really late, and if your mom finds out what happened, she'll be worried sick. We'll sleep for a few more hours and then try to get a portkey out of here.
Harry returned to his bunk, his head ringing. He knew he should have felt exhausted: it was almost three in the morning, but he felt wide awake – wide awake and worried.
Three days ago – it seemed a lot longer, but it had only been three days – he had woken up with his scar burning.  And tonight, for the first time in thirteen years, the mark of Lord Voldemort had appeared in the sky.  What did these things mean?
He thought of the letter he had written to Sirius before leaving Privet Drive.  Had Sirius figured it out already?  When would he respond?  Harry lay staring at the canvas, but no fantasy of flying came to him now to lull him to sleep, and it was long after Charlie's snores had filled the tent that Harry finally dozed off.

CHAPTER TEN - MAYHEM AT THE MINISTRY

		Mr. Weasley woke them up after only a few hours of sleep.  He used magic to pack up the tents, and they left the campsite as quickly as possible, passing Mr. Roberts at the door to his cabin.  Mr. Roberts looked strange and dazed, and he waved them off with a vague “Merry Christmas.”
		"Everything will be fine," Mr. Weasley said softly as they walked towards the moor. "Sometimes when a person's memory is altered, it makes them a little disoriented for a while...and that was an important thing they had to get them to forget."
		They heard urgent voices as they approached the place where the Portkeys lay, and when they reached there they found a large number of witches and wizards gathered around Basil, the guardian of the Portkeys, all calling for help. get away from the campsite as quickly as possible. possible. Mr. Weasley had a hurried discussion with Basil; they joined the queue and were able to bring an old rubber tire back to Stoatshead Hill before the sun really rose.  They crossed Ottery St. Catchpole and walked up the damp path towards the Burrow in the dawn light, speaking very little because they were so exhausted and thinking longingly of their breakfast.  As they turned the corner and the Burrow came into view, a scream echoed through the alley.
“Oh thank God, thank God!”
Mrs. Weasley, who had obviously been waiting for them in the front yard, ran towards them, still dressed in her bedroom slippers, her face pale and tense, a rolled-up copy of the Daily Prophet clutched in her hand.
"Arthur – I've been so worried – so worried…"
She threw her arms around Mr. Weasley's neck and the Daily Prophet fell from her limp hand onto the floor.  Looking down, Harry saw the headline: SCENES OF TERROR AT THE QUIDDITCH WORLD CUP, accompanied by a flickering black and white photograph of the Dark Mark above the treetops. 
"You're okay," Mrs. Weasley muttered absently, releasing Mr. Weasley and looking at them all with red eyes, "you're alive. . . . Oh boys. .
And to everyone's surprise, she grabbed Fred and George and pulled them both into a hug so tight that their heads bumped together.
"Ouch! Mom, you're strangling us -"
“I yelled at you before you left!”  » said Mrs. Weasley as she began to sob.  "That's all I was thinking about! What if You-Know-Who got you, and the last thing I ever told you was that you didn't have enough OW.L . Oh Fred...George.".
"Come on now, Molly, we're all perfectly fine," Mr. Weasley said soothingly, lifting her off the twins and leading her back towards the house.  "Bill," he added in a low voice, "take this paper, I want to see what it says..."
When they were all crowded into the small kitchen and Hermione had made Mrs. Weasley a cup of very strong tea, into which Mr. Weasley insisted on pouring a glass of Ogdens Old Firewhiskey, Bill handed the newspaper to his father .  Mr. Weasley scanned the first page while Percy looked over his shoulder.
"I knew it," Mr. Weasley said heavily.  "Mistakes by the Ministry... culprits not apprehended... lax security... dark wizards running wild... a national shame... who wrote that? Ah... of course... .Rita Skeeter.”
“This woman is after the Ministry of Magic!”  Percy said furiously.  "Last week she was saying we were wasting our time arguing about the thickness of the cauldron when we should be eradicating vampires! As if that wasn't specifically stated in paragraph twelve of the Guidelines for the Treatment of Part-Humans non-wizards - -"
“Do us a favor, Percé,” Bill said, yawning, “and shut up.”
"I'm mentioned," Mr. Weasley said, his eyes widening behind his glasses as he reached the bottom of the Daily Prophet article.
"Or?" " Mrs. Weasley stammered, choking on her tea and whiskey.  “If I had seen that, I would have known you were alive!”
"Not by my name," said Mr. Weasley. "Listen to this: 'If the terrified wizards and witches waiting for news at the edge of the woods expected reassurance from the Ministry of Magic, they were sadly disappointed. A Ministry official appeared some time later. The Dark Mark appeared, saying no one was injured, but we declined to provide further information. It remains to be seen whether this statement will be enough to quell rumors that several bodies were pulled from the woods an hour ago. Oh really," Mr. Weasley said in exasperation, handing Percy the paper.  "No one was hurt. What was I supposed to say? Rumors of multiple bodies being pulled from the woods...well, there'll definitely be rumors now that she's printed that."
He let out a deep sigh. "Molly, I'm going to have to go to the office; it's going to take a little gentleness."
"I'll come with you, Father," Percy said matter-of-factly.  "Mr. Crouch will need all hands on deck. And I can give him my report on the cauldron in person."
He rushed out of the kitchen.  Mrs. Weasley looked very upset. "Arthur, you're supposed to be on vacation!" This has nothing to do with your office; Surely they can handle this without you?
"I have to go, Molly," Mr. Weasley said.  "I've made things worse. I'll just put on my robes and leave. . . ."
"Mrs. Weasley," Harry said suddenly, unable to contain himself, "Hedwig hasn't come with a letter for me, has she?"
“Hedwig, darling?” » said Mrs. Weasley absently.  “No...no, there was no message at all.”
Ron and Hermione looked at Harry curiously.  With a meaningful look at the two of them, he said, "Okay if I just throw my stuff in your room, Ron?"
"Yeah...I think I will too," Ron said immediately. “Hermione? »
"Yes," she said quickly, and the three of them walked out of the kitchen and up the stairs.
"What's up, Harry?" Ron said, just as they had closed the attic door behind them.
"There's something I haven't told you," Harry said. “Saturday morning I woke up with a still painful scar.”
 Ron and Hermione's reactions were almost exactly as Harry had imagined them in his room on Privet Drive.  Hermione gasped and immediately began making suggestions, mentioning a number of reference books and everyone from Albus Dumbledore to Madam Pomfrey, the Hogwarts nurse.  Ron just looked stunned.
"But… he wasn't there, was he? You-Know-Who? I mean… the last time your scar continued to hurt, he was at Hogwarts, right. not ?"
"I'm sure he wasn't on Privet Drive," Harry said. "But I was dreaming about him... him and Peter - you know, Wormtail. I don't remember all of it now, but they were plotting to kill... someone."
He had hesitated for a moment about saying 'me', but couldn't bring himself to make Hermione look more horrified than she already was.
"It was just a dream," Ron said forcefully.  “Just a nightmare.”
“Yeah, but was that still the case?” Harry said, turning to look out the window at the clearing sky.  "It's weird, isn't it?... My scar hurts, and three days later, the Death Eaters are on the march, and Voldemort's sign is displayed in the sky again."
“Don’t say his name!”  » Ron hissed through gritted teeth.
“And you remember what Professor Trelawney said?”  Harry continued, ignoring Ron. “At the end of last year?”
Professor Trelawney was their divination teacher at Hogwarts.  Hermione's terrified look disappeared as she let out a mocking growl.
"Oh Harry, you're not going to pay attention to everything that old fraudster says?"
"You weren't there," Harry said. "You didn't hear it. Thisthe weather was different. I told you, she went into a trance, a real one.  And she said that the Dark Lord would rise again. . . bigger and more terrible than ever. . . and he would succeed because his servant was going to return to him. . . and that night Wormtail escaped.”
There was a silence as Ron absently fiddled with a hole in his Chudley Cannons bedspread.
"Why were you asking if Hedwig had come, Harry?"  » asked Hermione.  “Are you expecting a letter?”
"I told Sirius about my scar," Harry said with a shrug. "I'm waiting for his answer."
"Well thought!" Ron said, his expression clearing. "I bet Sirius will know what to do!"
"I was hoping he'd get back to me quickly," Harry said.
"But we don't know where Sirius is...he could be in Africa or somewhere else, right?" Hermione said reasonably.  “Hedwig is not going to complete this trip in a few days.”
"Yeah, I know," Harry said, but there was a leaden feeling in his stomach as he stared out the window at the sky without Hedwig.
"Come play a game of Quidditch in the orchard, Harry," Ron said. "Come on, three against three, Bill, Charlie, Fred and George will play... You can try Wronski's feint..."
"Ron," Hermione said, in a voice like I don't think you're very sensitive, "Harry doesn't want to play Quidditch right now... He's worried, and he's tired. We all need to to sleep.
"Yeah, I want to play Quidditch," Harry said suddenly.  "Wait, I'll go get my Firebolt."
Hermione left the room muttering something that sounded a lot like "Boys."

 Neither Mr. Weasley nor Percy were home much the following week. The two of them left the house each morning before the rest of the family got up and returned each evening well after dinner.
"It's been quite an uproar," Percy told them matter-of-factly the Sunday evening before they returned to Hogwarts.  "I've been putting out fires all week. People keep sending Howlers, and of course, if you don't open a Howler right away, it explodes. Burn marks all over my desk and my best feather reduced to ashes."
“Why are they all sending Howlers?”  asked Ginny, who was repairing her copy of A Thousand Magic Herbs and Mushrooms with Spellotape on the rug in front of the living room fire.
“He's complaining about security at the World Cup,” Percy said.  "They want compensation for their ruined property. Mundungus Fletcher filed a claim for a twelve-room tent with attached jacuzzi, but I have his number. I know for a fact he slept under a cape propped up on sticks."
Mrs. Weasley glanced at the grandfather clock in the corner.  Harry loved this clock.  This was completely useless if one wanted to know the time, but otherwise very informative.  It had nine gold hands, and each of them was engraved with one of the Weasley family names. There were no numbers around the face, but descriptions of where each family member was. "Home", "school" and "work" were there, but there was also "travel", "lost", "hospital", "jail" and, in the position where the number twelve would be on a normal clock, " mortal danger."
Eight of the hands were currently pointing towards the 'home' position, but Mr. Weasley's, which was the longest, was still pointing towards 'work'.  Mrs. Weasley sighed.
"Your father hasn't had to go to the office on weekends since the days of You-Know-Who," she said.  "They're making him work way too hard. His dinner will be ruined if he doesn't come home soon."
"Well, Father thinks he needs to make up for his mistake in the match, don't you?" Percy said. "To tell the truth, it was a bit imprudent to make a public statement without prior authorization from his department head -"
“Don’t you dare blame your father for what that miserable woman Skeeter wrote!”  Mrs. Weasley said, immediately bursting into flames.
"If Dad hadn't said anything, old Rita would have just said it was a shame no one from the Ministry had commented," said Bill, who was playing chess with Ron.  "Rita Skeeter never makes anyone look good. Remember, she interviewed all the Charm Breakers at Gringotts once, and called me a 'longhair'?"
"Well, that's a bit long, darling," Mrs. Weasley said softly.  “If you’d just let me –”
"No mother."
The rain lashed against the living room window. Hermione was immersed in the Standard Book of Charms, Level 4, copies of which Mrs. Weasley had purchased for herself, Harry and Ron in Diagon Alley.  Charlie was mending a fireproof hood.  Harry was polishing his Firebolt, the broom maintenance kit Hermione had given him for his thirteenth birthday, open at his feet. Fred and George were sitting in a far corner, feathers drawn, talking in low voices, their heads bent over a piece of parchment.
“What are you two doing?” » Mrs. Weasley said abruptly, her eyes fixed on the twins.
“Homework,” Fred said vaguely.
"Don't be ridiculous, you're still on vacation," Mrs. Weasley said.
“Yeah, we got there a little late,” George said.
“It’s no accident that you’re writing a new purchase order, is it?”Mrs. Weasley said shrewdly.  "You wouldn't think of rebooting the Weasleys' Wizard Wheezes, by any chance?"
"Now, Mom," Fred said, looking at her, a pained look on his face. "If the Hogwarts Express crashed tomorrow and George and I died, how would you feel knowing that the last thing we heard from you was a baseless accusation?"
Everyone laughed, even Mrs. Weasley.
“Oh, your father is coming!”  she said suddenly, looking up at the clock again.
Mr. Weasley's hand had suddenly shifted from 'work' to 'travel'; a second later, he'd stopped shuddering at 'home' with the others, and they'd heard him call from the kitchen.
“I’m coming, Arthur!” » called Mrs. Weasley, rushing out of the room.
Moments later, Mr. Weasley entered the warm living room with his dinner on a tray.  He looked completely exhausted.
"Well, the fat is really in the fire now," he said to Mrs. Weasley as he sat in an armchair by the hearth and played half-heartedly with his somewhat shriveled cauliflower. "Rita Skeeter has been digging around all week, looking for other ministry errors to report. And now she's found out that poor old Bertha is missing, so that'll be the headline in tomorrow's Gazette. I told Bagman that he should have sent someone to look for her a long time ago.”
"Mr. Crouch has been saying that for weeks and weeks," Percy said quickly.
"Crouch is very lucky Rita didn't find out about Winky," Mr. Weasley said irritably. "There would be headlines for a week about his house elf being caught holding the wand that summoned the Dark Mark."
"I thought we all agreed that this elf, while irresponsible, had not invoked the Mark?"  Percy said hotly.
"If you ask me, Mr. Crouch is very lucky that no one at the Daily Prophet knows how mean he is to elves!" Hermione said angrily.
"Now look here, Hermione!" Percy said. "A high-ranking Ministry official like Mr. Crouch deserves unwavering obedience from his servants -"
 “His slave, you mean!”  said Hermione, her voice rising with passion, "because he didn't pay Winky, did he?"
"I think you'd better go upstairs and make sure you're packed!" Mrs. Weasley said, ending the argument.  "Come on now, all of you..."
Harry packed up his broom maintenance kit, slung his Firebolt over his shoulder, and headed back upstairs with Ron.  The rain was even heavier at the top of the house, accompanied by loud hissing and moaning from the wind, not to mention the sporadic howls of the ghoul that lived in the attic.  Pigwidgeon started chirping and zooming around his cage when they entered. The sight of the half-full trunks seemed to have sent him into a frenzy of excitement.
 "Give him some owl treats," Ron said, tossing Harry a packet. “That might shut him up.”
Harry passed some owl treats through the bars of Pigwidgeon's cage, then turned to his trunk.  Hedwig's cage was nearby, still empty.
"It's been over a week," Harry said, looking at Hedwig's deserted perch.  "Ron, you don't think Sirius was caught, do you?"
"No, it would have been in the Daily Prophet," Ron said.  "The Ministry would like to show that they caught someone, wouldn't they?"
“Yeah, I guess…”
"Look, here's the stuff mom bought for you in Diagon Alley. And she took some gold out of your safe for you...and she washed all your socks."
He placed a pile of packages on Harry's cot and dropped the bag of money and a pile of socks next to it.  Harry started unpacking the groceries.  Besides Miranda Goshawk's Standard Book of Spells, Level 4, he had a handful of new quills, a dozen scrolls of parchment, and refills for his potion-making kit—he lacked lionfish spines and essence of belladonna.  He was piling underwear into his cauldron when Ron made a loud noise of disgust behind him.
“What is this supposed to be?”
He was holding something that looked to Harry like a long brown velvet robe. There was a musty looking lace ruffle at the collar and matching lace cuffs.
There was a knock at the door and Mrs. Weasley entered, carrying an armful of freshly laundered Hogwarts robes.
 “Here you go,” she said, sorting them into two piles. “Now be careful to wrap them properly so they don’t get wrinkled.”
"Mum, you gave me Ginny's new dress," Ron said, handing it to her.
"Of course not," said Mrs. Weasley. "It's for you. Dress up dresses."
"What?" Ron said, looking horrified.
“Dress up dresses!” Mrs. Weasley repeated. "It says on your school list that you're supposed to wear evening dresses this year... dresses for formal occasions."
"You're joking," Ron said incredulously.  “I’m not wearing that, no way.”
"Everyone wears them, Ron!" » said Mrs. Weasley in an angry tone. "They're all like that! Your dad has it for fancy parties!"
"I'm going to go harder before I put this on," Ron said stubbornly.
"Don't be so stupid," said Mrs. Weasley. "You must have evening gowns, they're on your list! I have some for Harry too... show him, Harry..."
In someWith trepidation, Harry opened the last package on his cot. It wasn't as bad as he had expected, however; her evening gowns had no lace at all – in fact, they were more or less the same as her school's, except they were bottle green instead of black.
"I thought they would bring out the color of your eyes, darling," Mrs. Weasley said affectionately.
“Well, they’re fine!” Ron said angrily, looking at Harry's robes. “Why couldn’t I have one like that?”
“Because… well, I had to get yours used, and there weren’t many choices!” Mrs. Weasley said, blushing.
 Harry looked away. He would have happily shared all the money in his Gringotts vault with the Weasleys, but he knew they would never take it.
"I never wear them," Ron said stubbornly. "Never."
"Very well," said Mrs. Weasley dryly. "Go naked. And, Harry, make sure you take a picture of him. God knows I might have a good laugh."
She left the room, slamming the door behind her.  There was a strange crackling noise behind them.  Pigwidgeon was choking on too big an owl treat.
“Why is everything I own rubbish?” Ron said furiously, striding across the room to peel off Pigwidgeon's beak. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN - ON BOARD THE POWDER EXPRESS

		There was a certain end-of-holiday sadness in the air when Harry woke up the next morning.  Heavy rain was still splashing against the window as he dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt; they would put on their school robes on the Hogwarts Express.
		He, Ron, Fred and George had just reached the first floor landing on their way down to breakfast, when Mrs. Weasley appeared at the foot of the stairs, looking harassed.
		“Arthur!”  she called up the stairs. "Arthur! Urgent message from the Ministry!"
		Harry flattened himself against the wall as Mr. Weasley walked by with his robes inside out and hurried out of sight.  When Harry and the others entered the kitchen, they saw Mrs. Weasley anxiously rummaging through the drawers - "I have a quill in here somewhere!" - and Mr. Weasley leaning over the fire, talking to -
Harry closed his eyes tightly and opened them again to make sure they were working properly.
Amos Diggory's head lay amid the flames like a large bearded egg. He spoke very quickly, completely unfazed by the sparks flying around him and the flames licking at his ears.
"...The Muggle neighbors heard bangs and screams, so they went to call these what do you call them - please, men. Arthur, you have to go --"
"Here!" Mrs. Weasley said breathlessly, putting a piece of parchment, a bottle of ink and a crumpled quill into Mr. Weasley's hands.
“- it’s a real stroke of luck that I heard about it,” said Mr. Diggory’s boss.  "I had to come into the office early to send out some owls, and I found out that the Improper Use of Magic group was going off -- if Rita Skeeter gets her hands on this one, Arthur--"
“What does Mad-Eye think happened?”  asked Mr. Weasley, unscrewing the bottle of ink, loading his quill and preparing to take notes.
Mr. Diggory's head rolled.  "He says he heard an intruder in his yard. He says he was crawling towards the house, but was ambushed by his trash cans."
“What did the trash do?” asked Mr. Weasley, scribbling frantically.
“Made a hell of a noise and shot rubbish everywhere, as far as I know,” Mr Diggory said.  "Apparently one of them was still agitated when the men of grace arrived -"
Mr. Weasley growled.
“And what about the intruder?”
"Arthur, you know Mad-Eye," Mr. Diggory's head said, rolling his eyes again. "Someone breaks into their garden in the middle of the night? There's more likely a very shocked cat wandering around somewhere, covered in potato peelings. But what if the group of misuse of magic puts hand on Mad-Eye, he got him -- think about his criminal record -- we need to get him out on a minor charge, something in your department -- what's the value of exploding trash cans?"
"Perhaps this is a warning," Mr. Weasley said, still writing very quickly, his brows furrowed. "Mad-Eye didn't use his wand? He didn't attack anyone?"
“I bet he jumped out of bed and started hexing everything he could reach through the window,” Mr. Diggory said, “but they'll have their work cut out to prove it, There are no victims.”
"Very well, I'll be leaving," Mr. Weasley said, and stuffed the parchment with his notes on it into his pocket and hurried out of the kitchen.
Mr. Diggory's head looked at Mrs. Weasley.
"Sorry about that, Molly," he said more quietly, "for bothering you so early and all... but Arthur is the only one who can get rid of Mad-Eye, and Mad-Eye is supposed to start his new work today. Why he had to choose last night.
"Never mind, Amos," Mrs. Weasley said. "Sure you won't have a little toast or something before you go?"
“Oh, go on, then,” said Mr. Diggory.
Mrs. Weasley took a piece of buttered toast from a pile on the kitchen table, put it in the fire tongs and transferred it to Mr. Diggory's mouth.
“Fanques,” he said in a hushed voice, and then, with a small pop, he disappeared.
Harry could hear Mr. Weasley saying his hasty goodbyes to Bill, Charlie, Percy and the girls.  Five minutes later, he was back in the kitchen, his robes the right way up, running a comb through his hair.
"I'd better hurry – you've got a good word for it, boys," Mr. Weasley said to Harry, Ron and the twins, tying a cloak over his shoulders and preparing to apparate away. “Molly, will you take the children to King’s Cross?”
“Of course I will,” she said. "Just take care of Mad-Eye, you'll be fine."
As Mr. Weasley disappeared, Bill and Charlie entered the kitchen.
“Did someone say Mad-Eye?” » asked Bill. "What did he do now."
"He says someone tried to break into his house last night," Mrs. Weasley said.
“Mad Eye Moody?” » George said thoughtfully, spreading marmalade on his toast. “Isn’t he so crazy-”
"Your father thinks very highly of Mad-Eye Moody," Mrs. Weasley said sternly.
“Yeah, well, Dad collects index cards, doesn’t he?”  Fred said softly as Mrs. Weasley left the room.  "Birds of a feather..."
“Moody was a great wizard in his time,” Bill said.
"He's an old friend of Dumbledore's, isn't he?" Charlie said.
"Dumbledore isn't what you'd call normal, is he?"  Fred said.  "I mean, I know he's a genius and everything..."
“Who is Mad-Eye?” Harry asked.
“He’s retired, he worked at the ministry,” Charlie said. "I met him once when Dad took me to work with him. He was an Auror - one of the best... a dark wizard hunter," he added, seeing the blank stare of 'Harry. "Half the cells in Azkaban are full because of him... He's made a lot of enemies, especially... the families of the people he captured.
Bill and Charlie decided to come and greet everyone at King's Cross station, but Percy, apologizing profusely, said he really needed to get to work.
“I just can’t justify taking more time off right now,” he told them. "Mr. Crouch is really starting to rely on me."
"Yeah, you know what, Percy?"  George said seriously.  “I think he’ll know your name soon.”
Mrs. Weasley had braved the telephone at the village post office to order three ordinary muggle taxis to take them to London.
"Arthur tried to borrow Ministry cars for us," Mrs. Weasley whispered to Harry as they stood in the rain-washed courtyard, watching the taxi drivers load six heavy Hogwarts trunks into their cars.  "But there weren't any in stock... Oh my God, they don't look happy, do they?"
Harry didn't like to tell Mrs. Weasley that Muggle taxi drivers rarely transported overexcited owls, and Pigwidgeon made a breathtaking racket.  It also didn't help that a number of Filibuster's fabulous heatless, wet-start fireworks went off unexpectedly when Fred's trunk burst open, causing causing the driver carrying him to scream in fear and pain as Crookshanks clawed his way up the man's leg.
The journey was uncomfortable, as they were stuck in the back of taxis with their trunks. Crookshanks took a while to recover from the fireworks, and by the time they entered London, Harry, Ron, and Hermione were all badly scratched. They were very relieved to get off at King's Cross, even though the rain was falling harder than ever, and they were soaked carrying their trunks across the busy road to the station.
Harry was now used to getting on platform nine and three quarters.  It was simply a matter of crossing the seemingly solid barrier that separated platforms nine and ten. The only tricky part was doing this discreetly, to avoid attracting the attention of the Muggles. They did it as a group today; Harry, Ron and Hermione (the most visible, since they were accompanied by Pigwidgeon and Crookshanks) went first; they leaned nonchalantly against the barrier, chatted indifferently and slipped sideways through it. . . and as they did, platform nine and three quarters materialized in front of them.
The Hogwarts Express, a gleaming scarlet steam engine, was already there, clouds of steam escaping from it, through which the many Hogwarts students and their parents on the platform appeared like dark ghosts.  Pigwidgeon became louder than ever in response to the hooting of many owls through the mist.  Harry, Ron and Hermione went in search of seats and soon stowed their luggage in a compartment halfway down the train.  They then went back down to the platform to say goodbye to Mrs. Weasley, Bill and Charlie.
"I might see you again sooner than you think," Charlie said, smiling, as he hugged Ginny goodbye.
"For what?" Fred said enthusiastically.
“You’ll see,” Charlie said. "Just don't tell Percy I mentioned it...it's 'classified information, until the Ministry sees fit to release it', after all."
 "Yeah, I kind of wish I was back at Hogwarts this year," Bill said.hands in pockets, looking at the train almost melancholy.
"For what?"  » said Georges impatiently.
“You’re going to have an interesting year,” Bill said, his eyes sparkling. “I might even have some free time to come and watch some.”
“A little of what?” Ron said.
But just then the whistle blew and Mrs. Weasley guided them towards the train doors.
"Thank you for having us, Mrs. Weasley," Hermione said as they climbed aboard, closed the door and leaned out the window to talk to her.
"Yeah, thanks for everything, Mrs. Weasley," Harry said.
"Oh, it was my pleasure, my dears," said Mrs. Weasley. "I'd invite you over for Christmas, but... well, I guess you'll all want to stay at Hogwarts, so... one thing and another."
"Mom!" Ron said irritably.  “What do you three know that we don’t?”
"You'll find out tonight, I imagine," Mrs. Weasley said, smiling. “It’s going to be very exciting – mind you, I’m very happy they changed the rules –”
“What rules?”  » Harry, Ron, Fred and George said together. 
"I'm sure Professor Dumbledore will tell you." . . . Now be good, won't you? Isn't that right, Fred? And you, George?
The pistons whistled loudly and the train began to move.
"Tell us what's going on at Hogwarts!"  Fred yelled out the window as Mrs. Weasley, Bill and Charlie walked away from them.  “What rules are they changing?”
 But Mrs. Weasley just smiled and waved.  Before the train rounded the corner, she, Bill, and Charlie had apparated away.
Harry, Ron and Hermione returned to their compartment.  The heavy rain splashing against the windows made it very difficult to see.  Ron opened his trunk, took out his brown robes and threw them at Pigwidgeon's cage to muffle his hoots.
"Bagman wanted to tell us what's going on at Hogwarts," he said sullenly as he sat down next to Harry.  "At the World Cup, remember? But my own mother doesn't want to say it. I wonder what..."
“Shh!”  Hermione suddenly whispered, pressing her finger to her lips and pointing to the compartment next to theirs.  Harry and Ron listened and heard a familiar drawl come through the open door.
"...Father actually considered sending me to Durmstrang rather than Hogwarts, you know. He knows the headmaster, you see. Well, you know his opinion of Dumbledore - the man is a Blood lover- de-Murd - and Durmstrang doesn't admit it. Kind of a scumbag. But Mum didn't like the idea of ​​me going to school so far away. My father says Durmstrang takes a much more sensible stance than Hogwarts. about the dark arts that Durmstrang students learn, not just the defense bullshit we do.
Hermione stood up, tiptoed to the compartment door and closed it, blocking Malfoy's voice.
"So he thinks Durmstrang would have suited him, right?"  she said angrily.  “I wish he would go away, then we wouldn’t have to put up with him.”
“Durmstrang is another wizarding school? Harry said.
 "Yes," Hermione said, sniffling, "and he has a horrible reputation. According to one assessment of magical education in Europe, he places a lot of emphasis on the dark arts."
"I think I've heard about it," Ron said vaguely.  " Where is he ? In which country ?
“Well, no one knows, do they?”  Hermione said, raising her eyebrows.
“Um…why not?” Harry said.
"There is traditionally a lot of rivalry between all the schools of magic. Durmstrang and Beauxbatons like to hide their whereabouts so that no one can steal their secrets," Hermione said matter-of-factly.
"Stop it," Ron said, starting to laugh. "Durmstrang must be about the same size as Hogwarts – how are you going to hide a really big castle?"
"But Hogwarts is hidden," Hermione said surprised.  "Everyone knows... well, everyone who's read Hogwarts: A History, anyway."
"Just you, then," Ron said.  "Then go on – how do you hide a place like Hogwarts?"
"It's bewitched," Hermione said.  "If a Muggle looks at it, all they see is an old, moldy ruin with a sign above the entrance saying DANGER, DO NOT ENTER, DANGEROUS."
“So Durmstrang will look like a ruin to an outsider too?”
"Maybe," Hermione said, shrugging, "or there could be wards that repel Muggles, like the World Cup stadium. And to keep foreign wizards from finding it, they'll have made it impassable." -"
"Say again?"
 "Well, you can enchant a building so that it's impossible to plot on a map, right?"
"Um...if you say so," Harry said.
"But I think Durmstrang must be somewhere in the far north," Hermione said thoughtfully.  "Somewhere where it's very cold, because they wear fur capes in their uniforms."
"Ah, think of the possibilities," Ron said dreamily. "It would have been so easy to push Malfoy off a glacier and make it look like an accident... Too bad his mother likes him. . . ."
The rain became heavier and heavier as the train moved north. The sky was so dark and the windows so damp that the lanterns were lit at noon. The lunch cart moved down the hall and Harry bought a large stack of Cauldrons.Cakes to share.
Several of their friends watched over them as the afternoon wore on, including Seamus Finnigan, Dean Thomas, and Neville Longbottom, a round-faced and extremely forgetful boy who had been raised by his formidable witch grandmother.  Seamus still wore his Irish rosette.  Some of his magic seemed to be fading now; he always squealed “Troy – Mullet – Moran!”  but in a very weak and exhausted way.  After about half an hour, Hermione, tired of the endless discussions about Quidditch, once again delved into the Standard Book of Spells, level 4, and began trying to learn a summoning spell.
Neville jealously listened to the others' conversation as they relived the Cup match.
“Grandma didn’t want to go,” he said miserably. "I wouldn't buy tickets. But it looked amazing."
"It was," Ron said. "Look at that, Neville...
He reached into his trunk in the luggage rack and pulled out the miniature figure of Viktor Krum.
"Oh wow," Neville said longingly as Ron flipped Krum onto his chubby hand.
“We saw it up close too,” Ron said. "We were in the Top Box -"
"For the first and last time in your life, Weasley."
Draco Malfoy had appeared in the doorway. Behind him stood Crabbe and Goyle, his enormous thug buddies, both of whom seemed to have grown at least a foot over the summer. Obviously, they had heard the conversation through the compartment door, which Dean and Seamus had left ajar.
"I don't remember asking you to join us, Malfoy," Harry said coldly.
"Weasley...what is it?" Malfoy said, pointing to Pigwidgeon's cage. A sleeve of Ron's robe hung over it, swinging with the movement of the train, the moldy lace cuff very obvious.
Ron tried to stuff the robes out of sight, but Malfoy was too quick for him; he grabbed the sleeve and pulled.
“Look at this!” said Malfoy in ecstasy, lifting up Ron's robes and pointing to Crabbe and Goyle, "Weasley, you didn't think you'd wear that, did you?" I mean – they were very fashionable around eighteen nineties. . .
"Eat poop, Malfoy!" Ron said, matching the color of the robes as he snatched them from Malfoy's grasp. Malfoy howled with mocking laughter; Crabbe and Goyle burst out laughing stupidly.
"So... are you going to come in, Weasley? Are you going to try and bring some glory to the family name? There's money involved too, you know... you could afford some decent robes if you won.
"What are you talking about?" » Ron snapped.
"Would you like to come inside?"  Malfoy repeated.  "I suppose you will, Potter? You never miss an opportunity to show off, do you?"
"Either explain what you're talking about or leave, Malfoy," Hermione said irritably, over the Standard Book of Spells, 4th year.
A happy smile spread across Malfoy's pale face.
“Don’t tell me you don’t know?” he said with delight. "You have a father and a brother in the Ministry and you don't even know it? God, my father told me about it a long time ago... I heard it from Cornelius Fudge. But then, Father is always associated with the highest-ranking people in the Ministry. Maybe your father is too young to know, Weasley.
Laughing once more, Malfoy waved to Crabbe and Goyle, and the three of them disappeared.
Ron stood up and slammed the sliding compartment door behind them so hard that the glass shattered.
“Ron! " Hermione said reproachfully, and she took out her wand and muttered "Reparo! and the shards of glass went back into a single pane of glass and back into the door.
"Well... make it look like he knows everything and we don't..." Ron growled. "Father is always associated with the higher-ups in the ministry. . . . Dad could have gotten a promotion at any time... he just likes being where he is. . . ."
"Of course I do," Hermione said softly. "Don't let Malfoy get to you, Ron -"
 "Him! Get to me!? As if!"  Ron said, picking up one of the remaining cauldron cakes and crushing it into a pulp.
Ron's bad mood persisted for the rest of the trip. He didn't speak much as they changed into their school robes, and he was still furious when the Hogwarts Express finally slowed down and finally stopped in the pitch darkness of Hogsmeade Station.
As the train doors opened, a rumble of thunder was heard above us. Hermione wrapped Crookshanks in her cloak and Ron left his robe on Pigwidgeon as they left the train, heads bowed and eyes narrowed in the pouring rain. The rain was now falling so hard and fast that it was as if buckets of ice water were being repeatedly emptied over their heads.
“Hello, Hagrid!  Harry shouted, seeing a gigantic figure at the end of the platform.
"Is everything okay, Harry?"  Hagrid responded with a wave. “We’ll see you at the party if we don’t drown!”
First years traditionally reached Hogwarts Castle by crossing the lake with Hagrid.
"Oooh, I wouldn't want to cross the lake in this weather," Hermione said earnestly., shivering as they slowly moved onto the dark platform with the rest of the crowd. A hundred horseless carriages were waiting for them in front of the station.  Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville gratefully climbed into one of them, the door closed with a slam, and moments later, with a great lurch, the long procession of cars rumbled and splashed its way towards the Hogwarts Castle. .

CHAPTER TWELVE - THE THREE WIZARDS TOURNAMENT

		Through the gates, flanked by statues of winged boars, and down the wide driveway, cars rolled, swaying dangerously in what was quickly becoming a fierce wind. Leaning against the window, Harry could see Hogwarts drawing closer, its many lit windows blurry and glimmering behind the thick curtain of rain. Lightning flashed across the sky as their car pulled up to the large oak front doors, which stood at the top of a stone staircase. The people in the cars in front were already hurrying up the stone steps leading to the castle. Harry, Ron, Hermione and Neville jumped out of their car and ran up the steps as well, only looking up when they were safely inside the cavernous, torch-lit entrance hall, with its magnificent spiral staircase. marble.
		"Blimey," Ron said, shaking his head and sending water everywhere, "if this keeps up the lake will overflow. I'm soaked - ARRGH!"
 A large red balloon filled with water had fallen from the ceiling onto Ron's head and exploded.  Soaked and spitting, Ron staggered towards Harry, just as a second water bomb fell – narrowly missing Hermione, it burst at Harry's feet, sending a wave of cold water over his trainers and into his socks.  People all around them screamed and began pushing each other in their efforts to get out of the line of fire.  Harry looked up and saw, floating twenty feet above them, Peeves the Poltergeist, a small man with a bell-covered hat and an orange bow tie, his broad, malevolent face contorted with concentration as he aimed again.
“PEEVES! » » shouted an angry voice. "Peeves, come here ONCE!"
Professor McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress and Head of Gryffindor House, had run out of the Great Hall; she slipped on the wet floor and grabbed Hermione by the neck to stop herself from falling.
"Ouch – sorry, Miss Granger –"
“It’s okay, Professor! » Hermione panted, massaging her throat.
“Peeves, get down here NOW!” Professor McGonagall barked, straightening her pointy hat and looking upwards through her square-rimmed glasses.
"I'm not doing anything !"  Peeves sneered, throwing a water bomb at several fifth year girls, who screamed and dove into the Great Hall.  "Already wet, aren't we? Little squirts! Wheeeeeeeeee!"  And he aimed another bomb at a group of second years who had just arrived.
“I’m going to call the director!” » shouted Professor McGonagall.  "I'm warning you, Peeves -"
Peeves stuck out his tongue, threw the last of his water bombs into the air, and walked up the marble staircase, giggling insanely.
“Well, carry on then!”  » Professor McGonagall said abruptly to the bedraggled crowd.  “Into the Great Hall, come on!”
Harry, Ron and Hermione slipped and slipped through the entrance hall and through the double doors to the right, Ron muttering furiously under his breath as he pushed his soaked hair out of his face.
The Great Hall looked as splendid as always, decorated for the back-to-school feast. Golden plates and goblets gleamed in the light of hundreds and hundreds of candles floating above the tables in the air.  The four long tables in the House were filled with chattering students; At the top of the room, staff sat on one side of a fifth table, facing their students.  It was much warmer here.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione walked past the Slytherins, Ravenclaws, and Hufflepuffs, and sat with the rest of the Gryffindors on the other side of the room, next to Near-Headless Nick, the Gryffindor ghost.  Pearly white and semi-transparent, Nick was dressed tonight in his usual doublet, but with a particularly large ruff, which served both to look extra-festive and to ensure his head didn't wobble too much on his neck partially cut.
“Good evening,” he said, smiling at them.
“Says who?”  Harry said as he took off his trainers and poured the water out of them.  "I hope they hurry up with the allocation. I'm starving."
The distribution of new students into the houses took place at the start of each school year, but through an unfortunate combination of circumstances, Harry had not attended since his own.  He was impatiently waiting for it.  Just then, a very excited and breathless voice called to the table.
“Hello, Harry!
It was Colin Creevey, a third year to whom Harry was something of a hero.
"Hey, Colin," Harry said warily.
"Harry, guess what? Guess what, Harry? My brother goes first! My brother Dennis!"
"Um...well," Harry said.
“He’s really excited!”  Colin said, practically bouncing in his seat."I just hope he's in Gryffindor!" Fingers crossed, eh, Harry?
"Um... yeah, okay," Harry said.  He turned to Hermione, Ron and Near-Headless Nick.  “Siblings usually go to the same Houses, right?  he said.  He was judging by the Weasleys, all seven of whom had been sent to Gryffindor.
"Oh no, not necessarily," Hermione said.  “Parvati Patil's twins are in Ravenclaw, and they are identical. You'd think they'd be together, right?
Harry looked up at the staff table.  There seemed to be more empty seats than usual.  Hagrid, of course, continued to make his way across the lake with the first years; Professor McGonagall was probably supervising the drying of the entrance hall floor, but there was also another empty chair, and Harry couldn't think of who else was missing.
“Where is the new Defense Against the Dark Arts professor?”  said Hermione, who was also looking at the teachers.
They had never had a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher who lasted more than three terms before.  Harry's favorite by far was Professor Lupine, who had resigned last year. He looked up and down the staff table.  There certainly wasn’t a new face there.
“Maybe they couldn’t find anyone!”  Hermione said, looking anxious.
Harry looked around the table more carefully.  Little Professor Flitwick, the Charms professor, was sitting on a large pile of cushions next to Professor Sprout, the herbalism professor, whose hat was askew on his unruly gray hair.  She was talking to Professor Sinistra from the astronomy department.  On the other side of Professor Sinistra was the sallow-faced, hook-nosed, greasy-haired Potions Master, Snape – Harry's least favorite person at Hogwarts.  Harry's hatred of Snape was matched only by Snape's hatred of him, a hatred that had, if possible, intensified last year, when Harry had helped Sirius escape right under his nose. Snape's Too Broad - Snape and Sirius had been enemies since their own school years.
On Snape's other side was an empty seat, which Harry guessed was Professor McGonagall's.  Next to it, and in the very center of the table, sat Professor Dumbledore, the Headmaster, his silver hair and beard shining in the candlelight, his magnificent dark green robes embroidered with many stars and moons.  Dumbledore's long, slender fingertips were together and he rested his chin on them, looking at the ceiling through his half-moon glasses as if lost in thought.  Harry also looked up at the ceiling.  He was delighted to look like the sky outside, and he had never seen it so stormy.  Black and purple clouds swirled above it, and as another clap of thunder sounded outside, a fork of lightning passed through it.
"Oh hurry up," Ron groaned from beside Harry, "I could eat a hippogriff."
 No sooner had the words left his mouth than the doors to the Great Hall opened and silence fell.  Professor McGonagall led a long line of first years to the top of the Hall.  If Harry, Ron, and Hermione were wet, it was nothing compared to how they looked in those early years. They appeared to have swum across the lake rather than sailing.  Everyone was shivering with a mixture of cold and nervousness as they filed past the staff table and stopped in a line facing the rest of the school - all except the smallest of the group, a boy with black hair. mouse, who was wrapped in what Harry recognized as Hagrid's moleskin overcoat.  The coat was so big on him that it hung like he was draped in a black, furry circus tent.  Her little face protruded from the collar, looking almost painfully excited.  When he lined up with his terrified-looking peers, he made eye contact with Colin Creevey, gave a thumbs up and said: I fell in the lake!  He seemed really happy about it.
Professor McGonagall now placed a three-legged stool on the floor before the first years and on top of it an extremely old and dirty wizard's hat.  The first years looked at him. So does everyone else.  For a moment there was silence.  Then a long tear near the brim opened as wide as a mouth, and the hat burst into song:

A thousand years ago or more,
		When I was newly sewn,
There lived four renowned wizards,
Whose names are still well known:
The daring Gryffindor, from the wild moor,
The beautiful Ravenclaw, from Glen,
		Sweet Hufflepuff, of the broad valley,
		Clever Slytherin, late.
				They shared a wish, a hope, a dream,
				They came up with a bold plan
				Educating young wizards
				Thus began Hogwarts School.
				Now, each of these four founders
				Formed their own house, for everyone
				Valued different virtues
				In those they were to teach.
				By Gryffindor, the bravest were
				Appreciated far beyond others;
				For Ravenclaw, the most intelligent
				It would still be the best;
				For Hufflepuff, hard workers were
				Most worthy of admission;
				And power-hungry Slytherin
				I loved those with great ambition.
				During their lifetime, they divided
				Their favoriteears of the crowd,
				But how to choose the worthy
				When they were dead and gone?
				"It was Gryffindor who found the way,
				He knocked my head off
				The founders gave me brains
				Then I could choose instead!
				Now slip me tight around your ears,
				I've never been wrong yet,
				I'll take a look inside your mind
		And say where you belong!
 
The Great Hall rang with applause at the end of the Sorting Hat.
"That's not the song he sang when he sorted us out," Harry said, clapping along with everyone else.
“He sings a different one every year,” Ron said.  "It must be a pretty boring life, isn't it, being a hat? I guess he spends all year inventing the next one."
Professor McGonagall was unrolling a large roll of parchment.
“When I call your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool,” she told the first years.  “When the hat announces your House, you will go and sit at the appropriate table.
“Ackerley, Stewart! »
A boy came forward, visibly shaking from head to toe, picked up the Sorting Hat, put it on and sat down on the stool.
“Ravenclaw!” » shouted the hat.
Stewart Ackerley took off his hat and rushed to a place at the Ravenclaw table, where everyone was applauding him.  Harry saw Cho, the Ravenclaw seeker, applauding Stewart Ackerley as he sat down.  For a fleeting second, Harry had a strange urge to join the Ravenclaw table as well.
“Baddock, Malcolm!”
“Slytherin!” »
The table across the room erupted in cheers; Harry could see Malfoy cheering as Baddock joined the Slytherins.  Harry wondered if Baddock knew that Slytherin House had produced more dark witches and wizards than any other.  Fred and George whistled at Malcolm Baddock as he sat down.
“Branstone, Eleanor! »
“HUFFLEPUFF!”
 “Caudwell, Owen! »
“HUFFLEPUFF!”
“Creevey, Dennis!”
Little Dennis Creevey staggered forward, tripping over Hagrid's mole, just as Hagrid himself entered the hall through a door behind the staff table.  About twice as tall as a normal man and at least three times as broad, Hagrid, with his long black hair and beard and long, tangled black hair, looked slightly alarming - a deceptive impression, because Harry, Ron and Hermione knew that Hagrid possessed a very kind nature.  He winked at them as he sat at the end of the staff table and watched Dennis Creevey don the Sorting Hat.  The tear at the edge has opened wide... - 
“GRYFFINDOR!” shouted the hat.
Hagrid cheered with the Gryffindors as Dennis Creevey, beaming widely, took off the hat, placed it back on the stool and rushed to join his brother.
“Colin, I fell in!”  he said shrilly, throwing himself into an empty seat.  "It was awesome! And something in the water grabbed me and threw me back into the boat!"
"Cool!" » said Colin, just as excited.  “It was probably the giant squid, Dennis!”
"Wow!" Dennis said, as if no one in their wildest dreams could hope for anything better than being thrown into a fathom-deep lake, tossed by a storm, and pushed out of it by a giant sea monster.
"Dennis! Dennis! Do you see that boy over there? The one with the black hair and the glasses? Do you see him? Do you know who that is, Dennis?"
Harry looked away, staring very intently at the Sorting Hat, now sorting Emma Dobbs.
The sorting continued; boys and girls with varying degrees of fear on their faces moving one by one towards the three-legged stool, the line slowly diminishing as Professor McGonagall passed the L's.
"Oh, hurry up," Ron groaned, rubbing his stomach. 
“Now, Ron, sorting is way more important than food,” said Almost Headless Nick, performing “Madley, Laura!”  became a Hufflepuff.
"Of course it is, if you're dead," Ron replied dryly.
"I hope this year's group of Gryffindors rise to the occasion," said Almost Headless Nick, clapping along as "McDonald, Natalie!"  joins the Gryffindor table.  “We don’t want to break our winning streak, do we?”
Gryffindor had won the Inter-House Championship for the last three years in a row.
“Pritchard, Graham! »
“Slytherin!” »
“Weird, Orla! »
		“Ravenclaw!” »
		And finally, with “Whitby, Kevin! » (“HUFFLEPUFF!”), the distribution is complete.  Professor McGonagall picked up the hat and stool and took them away.
		"About time," Ron said, grabbing his knife and fork and looking expectantly at his golden plate.
		Professor Dumbledore stood up.  He smiled at the students, arms wide open in welcome.
		“I only have two words to say to you,” he told them, his deep voice echoing in the room. "Come back."
		“Hear hear!” Harry and Ron said out loud as the empty dishes magically filled up before their eyes.
Nick, almost headless, watched sadly as Harry, Ron and Hermione loaded their own plates.
“Aaah, it’s beer,” Ron said, his mouth full of mashed potatoes.
"You're lucky there's a feast tonight, you know," said Almost Headless Nick. “There were problems in the kitchens earlier.”
"Why? What happened?" Harry said, through a large piece of steak.
“Peeves, of course,” said Almost Headless Nic.k, shaking his head which was wobbling dangerously.  He raised his ruff a little higher on his neck.  "The usual argument, you know. He wanted to attend the party - well, that's quite out of the question, you know how he is, completely barbaric, he can't see a plate of food without throwing it away. We held a council of ghosts - the Fat Brother was quite willing to give him a chance - but more wisely, in my opinion, the Bloody Baron put his foot down."
The Bloody Baron was Slytherin's ghost, a lean, silent specter covered in silvery bloodstains.  He was the only person at Hogwarts who could actually control Peeves.
"Yeah, we thought Peeves seemed harassed about something," Ron said darkly.  “So what was he doing in the kitchen?”
“Oh, as usual,” said Near-Headless Nick, shrugging his shoulders.  "It caused havoc and chaos. Pots and pans everywhere. Place bathing in soup. Terrified the house elves until they were crazy--"
Noise.
Hermione had knocked over her golden goblet.  Pumpkin juice spilled steadily across the tablecloth, staining several feet of white linen orange, but Hermione paid it no mind.
“Are there any house elves here?” » she said, staring in horror at Near-Headless Nick.  "Here at Hogwarts?"
“Certainly,” Almost Headless Nick said, looking surprised at her reaction.  "The largest number in any home in Britain, I believe. Over a hundred."
“I’ve never seen one!”  Hermione said.
“Well, they almost never leave the kitchen during the day, do they?”  said Almost Headless Nick. "They come out at night to do a little cleaning... take care of fires and such... I mean, you're not supposed to see them, right? That's the mark of a good house-elf, isn’t it, that you don’t know it’s there?”
Hermione looked at him.
“But they get paid?” she says.  "They have vacations, don't they? And...and sick leave, and pensions, and everything?"
Near-Headless Nick chuckled so hard that his ruff slipped and his head fell, dangling on the few inches of ghostly skin and muscle that still attached to his neck.
“Sick leave and pensions? he said, pushing her head back onto his shoulders and fixing her again with his ruff.  “House elves don’t want sick leave or pensions!”
Hermione looked down at her plate of barely touched food, then placed her knife and fork on it and pushed them away from her.
"Oh come on, 'Uh-my-knee,'" Ron said, accidentally dousing Harry with bits of Yorkshire pudding.  "Oops – sorry, 'Arry --" He swallowed.  “You won’t get sick leave by starving yourself!”
"Slave work," Hermione said, breathing hard through her nose.  "That's what made this dinner. Slave labor."
And she refused to eat another bite.
The rain was still drumming heavily against the tall, dark windows.  Another clap of thunder shook the windows and the stormy ceiling burst, illuminating the golden plates as the remains of the first course disappeared and were instantly replaced by puddings.
"Treacle tart, Hermione!"  Ron said, deliberately wafting his scent towards her.  "Spotted cock, look! Chocolate cake!"
But Hermione gave him a look so reminiscent of Professor McGonagall that he gave up.
When the puddings had also been demolished and the last crumbs had disappeared from the plates, leaving them sparkling clean, Albus Dumbledore stood up again.  The hum of chatter filling the room ceased almost immediately, so that only the howling wind and pouring rain could be heard.
"SO!" » Dumbledore said, smiling at them all.  “Now that we are all fed and watered,” (“Hmph!” said Hermione) “I must once again seek your attention, while I give some advice.
"Mr. Filch, the caretaker, asked me to tell you that the list of prohibited items inside the castle has been expanded this year to include Screaming Yo-yos, Fanged Frisbees, and Everlasting Boomerangs. Complete list consists of about four hundred and thirty-seven items, I believe, and can be viewed in Mr. Filch's office, if anyone wishes to check them out.
The corners of Dumbledore's mouth twitched.  He continued, “As always, I would like to remind you all that the forest on the grounds is off limits to students, just as Hogsmeade Village is off limits to everyone under third years.
“It is also my painful duty to inform you that the Inter-House Quidditch Cup will not take place this year.”
"What?"  Harry gasped.  He looked around at Fred and George, his friends from the Quidditch team. They spoke silently to Dumbledore, seemingly too dismayed to speak.  Dumbhedore continued: "This is due to an event that will begin in October and continue throughout the school year, occupying much of the teachers' time and energy - but I'm sure you will all enjoy it very pleased to announce that this year at Hogwarts -"
But at that moment, there was a deafening roar and the doors to the Great Hall burst open.
A man stood in the doorway, leaning on a long stick, wrapped in a black traveling cloak.  Every head in the Great Hall swiveled toward the street.ranger, suddenly lit by a flash of lightning that crossed the ceiling.  He pulled down his hood, shook out a long mane of dark gray, graying hair, then began walking towards the staff table.
A dull noise echoed in the room with each of his steps.  He reached the end of the top table, turned right and limped heavily towards Dumbledore.  Another flash of lightning crossed the ceiling.  Hermione gasped.
The lightning had highlighted the man's face, and it was a face unlike anything Harry had ever seen. It looked like it had been carved from weathered wood by someone who had only a vague idea of ​​what human faces were supposed to look like and who wasn't very good with a chisel.  Every inch of skin seemed to be marked.  The mouth looked like a diagonal cut and a large part of the nose was missing. But it was the man's eyes that made him frightening.
One of them was short, dark and stout. The other was large, round as a coin and a bright electric blue.  The blue eye moved incessantly, without blinking, and rolled up and down and side to side, quite independently of the normal eye - then it turned around, pointing towards the back of the head of man, so that all I could see was whiteness.
The stranger reached Dumbledore.  He held out a hand that was as badly scarred as his face, and Dumbhedore shook it, muttering words that Harry couldn't hear.  He seemed to be speaking to the stranger, who shook his head without smiling and replied in a low voice.  Dumbledore nodded and gestured for the man to sit in the empty seat to his right.
The stranger sat down, brushed his mane of dark gray hair from his face, pulled a plate of sausages toward him, raised it to what was left of his nose, and sniffed it. He then took a small knife from his pocket, stuck a sausage in the end and began to eat.  His normal eye was fixed on the sausages, but his blue eye still rotated restlessly in its socket, taking in the room and the students.
“May I introduce you to our new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher?” » Dumbledore said sharply into the silence.  "Professor Moody."
It was usual for new members of staff to be greeted with applause, but no staff or students chapped, with the exception of Dumbledore and Hagrid, who both clasped their hands and applauded, but the sound echoed miserably in the silence, and they stopped quite quickly. Everyone seemed too fascinated by Moody's bizarre appearance to do more than stare.
"Moody?"  » Harry muttered to Ron.  "Mad-Eye Moody? The one your dad went to help this morning?"
 "It must be," Ron said, his voice low and impressed.
"What happened to him?"  » Hermione whispered.  "What happened to his face?"
"I don't know," Ron murmured back, looking at Moody in fascination.
Moody seemed completely indifferent to his less than warm welcome.  Ignoring the pitcher of pumpkin juice in front of him, he reached into his traveling cloak again, pulled out a flask and took a long drink.  As he raised his arm to drink, his cloak was pulled a few inches off the ground, and Harry saw, under the table, several inches of carved wooden leg, ending in a clawed foot.
Dumbledore cleared his throat.
“As I was saying,” he said, smiling at the sea of ​​students before him, all staring at Mad-Eye Moody, “we will have the honor of hosting a very exciting event over the next few months, an event which has not taken place in over a century. It is my great pleasure to inform you that the Triwizard Tournament will take place at Hogwarts this year.
"You laugh!" » Fred Weasley said loudly.
The tension that had filled the room since Moody's arrival was suddenly shattered.  Almost everyone laughed, and Dumbledore laughed appreciatively.
"I'm not joking, Mr. Weasley," he said, "although now that you mention it, I heard a great one over the summer about a troll, a witch and 'a leprechaun who all enter a bar. 
Professor McGonagall cleared her throat loudly.
"Um... but maybe now is not the time... no..." said Dumbledore, "where was I?" Ah yes, the Triwizard Tournament... well, some of you won't know what this tournament entails, so I hope those who do will forgive me for giving a brief explanation and give your attention. to wander freely.
"The Triwizard Tournament was established approximately seven hundred years ago as a friendly competition between the three greatest European schools of wizardry: Hogwarts, Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. A champion was selected to represent each school, and the three champions competed in three magical tasks The schools took turns hosting the tournament once every five years, and it was generally agreed that it was a great way to bond between young witches and wizards of different nationalities -. until the death toll rose so high that the tournament was interrupted."
“Death toll?”  » murmured Hermione, looking sadlyarmed.  But his concern did not seem to be shared by the majority of students in the room; many of them were whispering excitedly, and Harry himself was far more interested in the news of the tournament than the deaths that had happened hundreds of years ago.
"There have been several attempts over the centuries to reinstate the tournament," Dumbledore continued, "none of which have been very successful. However, our own departments of International Magical Cooperation and Magical Games and Sports have decided that the time had come for another attempt. We worked hard throughout the summer so that this time no champion found themselves in mortal danger.
"The leaders of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will arrive with their pre-selected suitors in October, and the selection of the three champions will take place on Halloween. An impartial judge will decide which students are most worthy to compete for the Triwizard Cup, the glory of their school, and a personal prize of a thousand galleons.
"I'm going for it!" Fred Weasley whistled around the table, his face lighting up with excitement at the prospect of such fame and wealth.  He wasn't the only one to imagine himself as the Hogwarts champion.  At every table in the House, Harry could see people either staring at Dumbledore in delight or whispering fervently to their neighbors.  But then Dumbledore spoke again, and the room quieted once more.
"While I know you will all be eager to bring the Triwizard Cup to Hogwarts," he said, "the headmasters of the participating schools, along with the Ministry of Magic, have agreed to impose a limit of age candidates this year Only students of legal age - that is, seventeen years of age or older - will be allowed to put their names forward for consideration." -- Dumbledore raised his voice slightly, as several people had made noises. of indignation at these words, and The Weasley twins suddenly looked furious - "This is a measure that we consider necessary, given that the tasks of the tournament will always be difficult and dangerous, no matter what precautions we take, and it "It is very unlikely that students below sixth and seventh grade will be able to do this." I will personally ensure that no underage student tricks our impartial judge into becoming a Hogwarts champion.  His light blue eyes sparkled as they looked into the mutinous faces of Fred and George.  “I therefore beg you not to waste your time in submitting if you are under seventeen.
"The delegations from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang will arrive in October and will remain with us for most of this year. I know that you will all extend every courtesy to our foreign guests while they are with us and grant wholeheartedly support the Hogwarts Champion when he or she is selected And now it's late, and I know how important it is for all of you to be alert and rested before entering class tomorrow morning. !
Dumbledore sat back and turned to speak to Mad-Eye Moody.  There was a loud noise and noise as all the students stood up and rushed towards the double doors of the entrance hall.
“They can’t do that!”  said George Weasley, who had not joined the crowd heading towards the door, but stood and looked at Dumbledore.  "We're seventeen in April, why can't we take a chance?" 
“They’re not stopping me from coming in,” Fred said stubbornly, also sullen at the top table. "Champions will be able to do all kinds of things you would never be allowed to do normally. And a prize of a thousand galleons in silver!"
"Yeah," Ron said, a distant look on his face.  "Yeah, a thousand galleons..."
"Come on," Hermione said, "we'll be the only ones left here if you don't move."
Harry, Ron, Hermione, Fred and George made their way to the entrance hall, Fred and George debating how Dumbledore could prevent those under the age of seventeen from entering the tournament.
“Who is this impartial judge who will decide who the champions are?”  Harry said.
"I don't know," said Fred, "but they're the ones we'll have to fool. I think a few drops of Aging Potion might do it, George…."
"But Dumbledore knows you're not an adult," Ron said.
 "Yeah, but he doesn't decide who's the champion, right?"  Fred said shrewdly.  “It seems to me that once this judge knows who wants to enter, he will choose the best from each school and it doesn't matter their age. Dumbledore is trying to stop us from giving our names.
“But people died!”  Hermione said in a worried voice as they walked through a door hidden behind a tapestry and up another, narrower staircase.
"Yeah," Fred said casually, "but that was years ago, wasn't it? Where's the fun without a little risk anyway? Hey, Ron, what if we found out how bypass Dumbledore? Want to go in?
"What do you think about it ?"  » Ron asked Harry.  "It's cool to come in, right? But I guess they might want someone older....I don't know if we've learned enough...
“I certainly didn’t,” Nevihle’s dark voice said from behind Fred and George.
"I expect my grandmother will want me to try, though. She always says I should defend the family honor. I'll just have to -- oops. . ."
Neville's foot had sunk into a step halfway up the stairs.  There were a lot of these nifty staircases at Hogwarts; It was second nature to most older students to skip this particular step, but Neville's memory was notoriously bad.  Harry and Ron grabbed him under the armpits and pulled him out, while a suit of armor at the top of the stairs creaked and rattled, laughing in a hissing voice.
"Shut up, you," Ron said, pulling down his visor as they passed.  They walked towards the entrance to Gryffindor Tower, which was hidden behind a large portrait of a fat lady in a pink silk dress.
"Password?" She said as they approached.
“Balderdash,” said George, “a prefect downstairs told me.”
 The portrait moved forward to reveal a hole in the wall through which they all climbed. A crackling fire warmed the circular common room, full of squishy chairs and tables. Hermione cast a dark look at the happily dancing flames, and Harry distinctly heard her mutter "Slave labor" before wishing them goodnight and disappearing through the door of the girls' dormitory.
Harry, Ron and Neville climbed the final spiral staircase until they reached their own dormitory, located at the top of the tower.  Five four-poster beds with deep purple draperies stood against the walls, each with its owner's trunk at its foot.  Dean and Seamus were already going to bed; Seamus had pinned his Irish rosette to his headboard and Dean had pinned a poster of Viktor Krum to his bedside table.  His old West Ham football team poster was pinned up next to it.
"Mental," Ron sighed, shaking his head at the completely still footballers.
Harry, Ron and Neville put on their pajamas and went to bed.  Someone – a house elf, no doubt – had placed hot pans between the sheets. It was extremely comfortable to lie in bed and listen to the storm raging outside.
"I might take part, you know," Ron said sleepily into the darkness, "if Fred and George find out how...the tournament...you never know, do you?"
 "I suppose not..."
Harry turned over in bed, a series of dazzling new images forming in his mind. . . . He had deceived the impartial judge into believing that he was seventeen years old. . . he had become Hogwarts champion. . . he stood on the field with his arms raised in triumph in front of the entire school who were clapping and shouting. . . he had just won the Triwizard Tournament.  Cho's face stood out particularly clearly in the blurred crowd, his face shining with admiration...
Harry smiled into his pillow, particularly glad that Ron couldn't see what he could see. 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN - MAD-EYE MOODY

		The storm had cleared by the next morning, although the ceiling of the Great Hall was still dark; Heavy pewter gray clouds swirled overhead as Harry, Ron and Hermione went over their new class schedules over breakfast.  A few seats away, Fred, George, and Lee Jordan were discussing magical methods of aging themselves and bluffing their way into the Triwizard Tournament.
		"Today's not bad...out all morning," said Ron, running his finger down the Monday column of his schedule.  "Herbology with the Hufflepuffs and Care of Magical Creatures... damn, we're still with the Slytherins..."
		"Double divination this afternoon," Harry groaned, looking down.  Divination was his least favorite subject, aside from potions.  Professor Trelawney kept predicting Harry's death, which he found extremely annoying.
		“You should have given it up like me, right?” » Hermione said quickly, buttering herself some toast. "Then you would do something sensible like Arithmancy."
		"You're still eating, I notice," Ron said, watching as Hermione also added generous amounts of jam to her toast.
		"I've decided there are better ways to take a stand on elf rights," Hermione said haughtily.
		"Yeah...and you were hungry," Ron said, smiling.
		There was a sudden rustling above them, and a hundred owls appeared through the open windows, carrying the morning mail.  Instinctively, Harry looked up, but there was no sign of white among the mass of brown and gray.  The owls circled the tables, looking for the people to whom their letters and packages were addressed.  A large tawny owl flew up to Neville Longbottom and dropped a package on his lap – Neville almost always forgot to wrap something.  Across the hall, Draco Malfoy's Grand Duke had perched on his shoulder, carrying what looked like his usual stash of sweets and cakes from home.  Trying to ignore the feeling of disappointment in his stomach, Harry returned to his porridge.  Was it poIs it possible that something happened to Hedwig, and Sirius didn't even receive her letter?
		His preoccupation lasted throughout the soggy vegetable garden until they arrived in greenhouse three, but here he was distracted by Professor Sprout showing the class the ugliest plants Harry had ever seen.  Indeed, they looked less like plants and more like thick, giant black slugs, protruding vertically from the ground.  Each wiggled slightly and had a number of large, shiny tumors, which appeared to be full of fluid.
		“Bubotubers,” Professor Sprout told them quickly. "They need to be squeezed. You'll get the pus out -"
		"The what?" » said Seamus Finnigan, sounding revolted.
		"Pus, Finnigan, pus," said Professor Sprout, "and it is extremely valuable, so don't waste it. You will collect the pus, I say, in these bottles. Wear your dragon-skin gloves; it can do fun things on the skin undiluted, plus bubotuber.
		Squeezing bubotubers was gross, but strangely satisfying.  Each time it swelled, a large quantity of a thick, yellowish-green liquid gave off a strong smell of gasoline.  They caught it in the bottles as Professor Sprout had instructed, and by the end of the lesson they had collected several pints.
		"This will make Madam Pomfrey happy," Professor Sprout said, stopping the last bottle with a cork.  "An excellent remedy for the most stubborn forms of acne, bubotuber pus. It should prevent students from resorting to desperate measures to get rid of pimples."
		“Like poor Eloise Midgen,” Hannah Abbott, a Hufflepuff, said in a hushed voice.  “She tried to curse hers.”
		“Silly girl,” Professor Sprout said, shaking his head.  "But Madam Pomfrey finally got her nose fixed."
		A resounding bell echoed from the castle across the damp grounds, signaling the end of the lesson, and the class separated; the Hufflepuffs heading up the stone steps to Transfiguration, and the Gryffindors heading in the other direction, down the sloping lawn towards Hagrid's little wooden cabin, which stood on the edge of the Forbidden Forest.
		Hagrid stood outside his hut, one hand on the collar of his enormous black boar, Fang. There were several open wooden crates on the ground at his feet, and Fang groaned and craned his collar, seemingly eager to examine the contents more closely.  As they got closer, a strange clicking noise reached their ears, punctuated by what sounded like minor explosions.
"Good morning !" » Hagrid said, smiling at Harry, Ron and Hermione.  "Wait Slytherins, they won't want to miss this – Skrewts Blast-Ended!"
"Say again?" Ron said.
Hagrid pointed to the crates.
“Uh!  » Lavender Brown shouted, jumping back.  "Eurgh" pretty much summed up the Blast-Ended Skrewts in Harry's opinion.  They looked like deformed lobsters, without shells, horribly pale and slimy, with legs sticking out in very strange places and no visible heads. There were about a hundred of them in each crate, each about six inches long, crawling over each other, banging blindly against the sides of the crates.  They gave off a very strong smell of rotting fish.  Occasionally, sparks would fly from the end of a skrewt, and with a flick, it would be propelled forward several inches.
"They've just hatched," Hagrid said proudly, "so you can raise them yourself! I thought we'd make a little project out of it!"
“And why would we want to raise them?” said a cold voice.
The Slytherins had arrived.  The speaker was Draco Malfoy.  Crabbe and Goyle laughed appreciatively at his words.	
Hagrid looked perplexed by the question.
“I mean, what are they doing?” » Malfoy asked. "What's the point ?"
Hagrid opened his mouth, apparently thinking seriously; There was a pause for a few seconds, then he said roughly, "That's the next lesson, Malfoy." You just fed them today. Now you're going to want to try them on a few different things - I've never had them before, I don't know what they'll be used for - I have ant eggs, frog livers and a bit of garter snake. necklace – just try them with a little of each.
"First pus and now this," Seamus muttered.
Nothing but deep affection for Hagrid could have caused Harry, Ron, and Hermione to pick up handfuls of frog livers and drop them into the crates to tempt the Blast-Ended Skrewts.  Harry couldn't suppress the suspicion that this was all completely pointless, because skrewts didn't seem to have mouths.
"Ouch!" » shouted Dean Thomas after about ten minutes. “It got me.”
Hagrid rushed towards him, looking anxious.
“His ending exploded!” Dean said angrily, showing Hagrid a burn on his hand.
"Ah, yeah, that might happen when they take off," Hagrid said, nodding.
“Uh! » repeated Lavender Brown. "Um, Hagrid, what's that pointy thing on it?"
"Ah, some of them have bites," Hagrid said excitedly (Lavender quickly removed her hand from the box).  "I think it's the males. . . . The females have sort of sucker-shaped things on their bellies.. . . I think they might be bloodsuckers.”
"Well, I can certainly understand why we're trying to keep them alive," Malfoy said sarcastically. “Who wouldn’t want animals that can burn, sting and bite at the same time?”
"Just because they're not very pretty doesn't mean they're not useful," Hermione retorted.  "Dragon blood is incredibly magical, but you wouldn't want a dragon as a pet, would you?"
Harry and Ron smiled at Hagrid, who gave them a furtive smile behind his bushy beard. Hagrid would have loved nothing more than a pet dragon, as Harry, Ron and Hermione knew all too well - he had owned one for a brief period during their first year, a vicious Norwegian Ridgeback named Norbert .  Hagrid simply loved monstrous creatures, the deadlier the better.
"Well, at least the skrewts are small," Ron said as they returned to the castle for lunch an hour later.
"They are now," Hermione said in an exasperated voice, "but once Hagrid finds out what they eat, I think they'll be six feet long."
"Well, it won't matter if they cure seasickness or something, will it?" Ron said, smiling slyly at her.
"You know very well I only said that to shut Malfoy up," Hermione said. "Actually, I think he's right. The best thing to do would be to stomp on them all before they start attacking all of us."
They sat at the Gryffindor table and helped themselves to lamb chops and potatoes.  Hermione started eating so quickly that Harry and Ron looked at her.
“Um, is this the new position on elf rights?” Ron said. “Are you going to make yourself throw up instead?”
"No," Hermione said, with as much dignity as she could muster from her bulging mouth.  “I just want to go to the library.”
"What?" Ron said incredulously. "Hermione, it's the first day back! We don't even have homework yet!"
Hermione shrugged and continued to swallow her food as if she hadn't eaten in days.  Then she jumped up and said, “See you at dinner!”  and left at high speed.
When the bell rang to signal the start of afternoon classes, Harry and Ron headed to the North Tower where, at the top of a tight spiral staircase, a silver stepladder led to a circular trapdoor in the ceiling and to the room where Professor Trelawney lived. .
The sweet, familiar scent wafting from the fire reached their nostrils as they emerged atop the stepladder.  As always, the curtains were all closed; the circular room was bathed in a faint reddish light cast by the numerous lamps, all draped in scarves and shawls. Harry and Ron walked through the mass of busy chintz chairs and ottomans that cluttered the room and sat down at the same small circular table.
"Hello," Professor Trelawney's hazy voice said from just behind Harry, startling him.
A very thin woman with enormous glasses that made her eyes appear far too large for her face, Professor Trelawney looked at Harry with the tragic expression she always wore whenever she saw him.  The usual large quantity of beads, chains, and bracelets gleamed on her in the firelight.
"You are preoccupied, my dear," she said sadly to Harry.  "My inner eye sees beyond your brave face and the troubled soul within. And I regret to say that your concerns are not unfounded. I see difficult times ahead of you, alas. .. the most difficult... I fear the thing you fear, it will indeed happen and perhaps sooner than you think..."
His voice dropped almost to a whisper.  Ron rolled his eyes at Harry, who stared back impassively.  Professor Trelawney walked past them and sat in a large wingback chair in front of the fire, facing the class.  Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil, who deeply admired Professor Trelawney, sat on beanbags nearby.
“My dears, it is time for us to consider the stars,” she said.  "The movements of the planets and the mysterious omens they reveal only to those who understand the steps of the celestial dance. Human destiny can be deciphered by the intertwining planetary rays..."
But Harry's thoughts had drifted.  The fragrant fire always made him sleepy and boring, and Professor Trelawney's rambling discussions of fortune telling never really kept him engaged - although he couldn't stop thinking about what she had just told him. "I fear that what you fear may actually happen..."
But Hermione was right, Harry thought irritably, Professor Trelawney really was an old fraud.  He didn't fear anything at all at the moment. . . well, unless you take into account his fears that Sirius was caught. . . but what did Professor Trelawney know?  He had long come to the conclusion that his way of guessing was actually nothing more than mere guesswork and frightening behavior.
Except, of course, at the end of last term, where she predicted Voldemort's resurrection. . . and Dumbledore himself had said that he thought the trance had been genuine, when Harryhad described it to him.
“Harry! "" Ron muttered.
"What?"
Harry looked around; the whole class was looking at him.  He stood up; he was almost dozing, lost in the heat and his thoughts.
"I was saying, my dear, that you were clearly born under the baleful influence of Saturn," Professor Trelawney said, a slight note of resentment in his voice at the fact that he had clearly not stuck to his words. .
“Born under…what, sorry? » Harry said.
“Saturn, my dear, the planet Saturn!”  » Professor Trelawney said, definitely looking irritated at not being captivated by this news.  "I was saying that Saturn was surely in a position of power in the heavens at the time of your birth. . . . Your black hair. . . your average stature... tragic losses so young in life. . . I think I Am I right in saying, my dear, that you were born in the middle of winter?”
"No," Harry said, "I was born in July."
Ron quickly turned his laughter into a dry cough.
Half an hour later, each of them had been given a complicated circular map and was trying to determine the position of the planets at their time of birth.  It was boring work, requiring many consultations of schedules and calculations of angles.
"I have two Neptunes here," Harry said after a moment, frowning at his piece of parchment, "that can't be true, can it?"
"Aaaaah," said Ron, imitating Professor Trelawney's mystical murmur, "when two Neptunes appear in the sky, it's a sure sign that a spectacled dwarf is being born, Harry..."
Seamus and Dean, who were working nearby, chuckled loudly, but not loud enough to mask Lavender Brown's excited cries - "Oh Professor, look! I think I have an aspectless planet! Oooh, which one is it, Professor ?”
“It’s Uranus, my dear,” said Professor Trelawney, looking at the chart.
“Can I take a look at Uranus too, Lavender?” Ron said.
Unfortunately, Professor Trelawney overheard her, and perhaps that's why she gave them so much homework at the end of class.
"A detailed analysis of how the planetary movements of the coming month will affect you, with reference to your personal chart," she said dryly, sounding much more like Professor McGonagall than her usual air fairy personality.  “I want it ready to go next Monday, and no excuses!”
"Miserable old bat," Ron said bitterly as they joined the crowd descending the stairs to the Great Hall and dinner.  “It’ll take the whole weekend, it’s okay…”
“A lot of homework?” » Hermione said cheerfully, catching up with them. "Professor Vector didn't give us any at all!"
"Well, bully for Professor Vector," Ron said sullenly.
They reached the lobby, filled with people waiting in line for dinner. They had just reached the end of the line when a loud voice sounded behind them.
"Weasley!" Hey, Weasley!
Harry, Ron and Hermione turned.  Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle stood there, each looking very pleased with something.
"What?" » Ron said shortly.
"Your father is in the paper, Weasley!"  Malfoy said, holding up a copy of the Daily Prophet and speaking loudly so that everyone in the crowded entrance hall could hear him. "Listen to this!

OTHER ERRORS AT THE MINISTRY OF MAGIC

It seems the Ministry of Magic's troubles aren't over yet, writes special correspondent Rita Skeeter. Recently under fire for its poor
crowd control at the Quidditch World Cup, and still unable to explain the disappearance of one of its witches, the Ministry was plunged into further embarrassment yesterday due to the antics of Arnold Weasley, of the Bureau of the misuse of Muggle artifacts.

	Malfoy looked up.
	"Imagine if they don't even understand his name, Weasley. It's almost like he's absolutely nothing, isn't it?"  he sang.
	Everyone in the lobby was now listening.  Malfoy straightened the paper with a grand gesture and continued reading:

Arnold Weasley, who was accused of possessing a flying car two years ago, was yesterday involved in a fight with several Muggle law enforcement officers ("police officers") over a number of very aggressive trash cans . Mr. Weasley appears to have rushed to the aid of "Mad-Eye" Moody, the old ex-Auror who retired from the Ministry when he was no longer able to tell the difference between a handshake and a attempted murder. Not surprisingly, Mr. Weasley discovered, upon his arrival at Mr. Moody's heavily guarded house, that Mr. Moody had once again raised a false alarm. Mr. Weasley was forced to alter several memories before he was able to escape the police, but refused to answer questions from the Daily Prophet about why he had involved the Ministry in such an outrageous and potentially embarrassing scene.

 "And there's a photo, Weasley!"  Malfoy said, turning the paper over and holding it up.  "A photo of your parents outside their house - if you can call it a house! Your mother could use some weight loss, right?"
Ron was shaking with fury.  Everyone was looking at him.
"Get drunk, Malfoy," Harry said.  "Come on, Ron..."
 “O"Yeah, you were staying with them this summer, weren't you, Potter?" sneered Malfoy. “So tell me, is his mother really that naughty, or is it just the image?”
"Do you know your mother, Malfoy?"  " Harry said - he and Hermione had grabbed the back of Ron's robes to stop him from lunging at Malfoy - " that expression she has, like she has poop under her nose? Did she always look like that, or was it just because you were with her? »
Malfoy's pale face turned slightly pink.
"Don't you dare insult my mother, Potter."
"Shut your big mouth, then," Harry said, turning away.
SLAM!
Several people screamed – Harry felt something white-hot brush the side of his face – he reached into his robes to retrieve his wand, but before he even touched it, he heard a second loud BANG, and a roar that echoed through the entrance hall.
“OH NO, IT DOESN’T, MOM!”
Harry turned around. Professor Moody limped down the marble staircase.  His wand was out and pointed at a pure white ferret, which was shivering on the stone floor, exactly where Malfoy was standing.
There was a terrified silence in the entrance hall.  No one except Moody moved a muscle.  Moody turned to look at Harry – at least his normal eye was looking at Harry; the other pointed at the back of his head.
“Did he get you?”  Moody growled.  His voice was low and serious.
"No," Harry said, "missed."
"LEAVE HIM!"  Moody shouted.
“Leave – what?” » Harry said, baffled.
“Not you, him!” Moody growled, pointing his thumb over his shoulder at Crabbe, who had just frozen, about to pick up the white ferret.  It seemed that Moody's rolling eyes were magical and could see from the back of his head.
Moody began limping towards Crabbe, Goyle and the ferret, who gave a terrified scream and fled, heading towards the dungeons.
"I do not think so!" Moody roared, pointing his wand at the ferret again – he flew ten feet into the air, fell with a clatter to the ground, then bounced once more.
"I don't like people who attack when their opponent's back is turned," Moody growled as the ferret bounced higher and higher, screaming in pain.  “A stinking, cowardly, disgusting thing to do…”
The ferret was flying through the air, its legs and tail flapping desperately.  
"Don't ever do that again," Moody said, mouthing each word as the ferret hit the stone floor and bounced back up again. 
“Professor Moody!”  said a shocked voice.
Professor McGonagall was coming down the marble staircase with her arms full of books.
"Hello, Professor McGonagall," Moody said calmly, making the ferret bounce even higher.
 "What are you doing ?"  » Professor McGonagall said, her eyes following the progress of the ferret bouncing through the air.
“Teaching,” Moody said.
"Ensign - Moody, is this a student?"  » Professor McGonagall shouted, books falling from her arms.
"Yeah," Moody said.
"No!"  » cried Professor McGonagall, running down the stairs and drawing her wand; a moment later, with a loud pop, Draco Malfoy had reappeared, lying in a heap on the floor with his blond hair straight across his now brilliantly pink face.  He stood up, grimacing.
"Moody, we never use Transfiguration as punishment!" » said Professor McGonagall Wealdy. "Surely Professor Dumbledore told you that?"
"He might have mentioned it, yeah," Moody said, scratching his chin indifferently, "but I thought a hard shock -"
"We're giving detentions, Moody! Or talking to the delinquent's head of house!"
"I'll do it, then," Moody said, looking at Malfoy with great dislike.
Malfoy, whose pale eyes were still watering with pain and humiliation, looked up maliciously at Moody and muttered something in which the words 'my father' stood out.
"Oh yeah?" » Moody said softly, limping a few steps, the dull sound of his wooden leg echoing in the corridor.  "Well, I've known your father for a long time, my boy... . You tell him that Moody keeps a close eye on his son... you tell him that for me. . . . Now your head of house will be Snape, are you okay?"
 "Yes," Malfoy said resentfully.
"Another old friend," Moody growled. "I was looking forward to talking to old Snape. . . . Come on, you. . ."
And he grabbed Malfoy's arm and dragged him towards the dungeons.
Professor McGonagall looked at them anxiously for a few moments, then waved her wand at her fallen books, causing them to fly through the air and back into her arms.
"Don't talk to me," Ron said quietly to Harry and Hermione as they sat at the Gryffindor table a few minutes later, surrounded by excited chatter from all sides about what had just happened.
"Why not?" Hermione said surprised.
"Because I want to remember this forever," Ron said, his eyes closed and a raised expression on his face. “Draco Malfoy, the incredible bouncing ferret.”
Harry and Hermione both laughed, and Hermione began serving a beef casserole on each of their plates.
"But he could have really hurt Malfoy," she said. "It wasIt's good, really, that Professor McGonagall stopped him - "
“Hermione! " Ron said furiously, his eyes opening again, "you're ruining the best time of my life!
Hermione made a noise of impatience and began eating again at full speed.
“Don’t tell me you’re going back to the library tonight?” Harry said looking at her.
"I have to," Hermione said thickly. "There are plenty of things to do."
"But you told us Professor Vector -"
“It’s not schoolwork,” she said. In five minutes, she had cleared her plate and left.  As soon as she left, Fred Weasley took her place.
"Moody!" he said. “How cool is he?”
“Beyond cool,” George said, sitting down across from Fred.  "Supercool," said the twins' best friend, Lee Jordan, as he slid into the seat next to George.  "We got it this afternoon," he said to Harry and Ron.
"How was it ?" » Harry said eagerly.
Fred, George and Lee exchanged meaningful looks.
“I’ve never had a lesson like that,” Fred said.
“He knows, man,” Lee said.
“Know what? » Ron said, leaning forward.
“He knows what it’s like to be out there doing it,” George said impressively.
“Do what?” Harry said.
“Fighting the forces of evil,” Fred said.
“He saw it all,” George said.
“Amazing,” Lee said.
Ron reached into his bag to look at his schedule.
“We won’t have it until Thursday!”  he said in a disappointed voice. 

CHAPTER FOURteen - THE UNPORDINATABLE CURSES

		The next two days passed without much incident, unless you count Neville melting his sixth Potions cauldron.  Professor Snape, who seemed to have reached new levels of vengeance over the summer, gave Nevihle detention, and Neville returned in a state of nervous collapse, having been forced to rip open a barrel full of toads cornus.
		"You know why Snape is in such a bad mood, don't you?" Ron said to Harry as they watched Hermione teach Neville a scrubbing spell to remove frog guts from under his fingernails. 
		"Yeah," Harry said.  "Moody."
		It was common knowledge that Snape really wanted the Dark Arts job, and he had failed to get it for the fourth year in a row.  Snape had disliked all of their previous Dark Arts teachers, and he had shown it – but he seemed strangely cautious about showing open animosity towards Mad-Eye Moody.  Indeed, every time Harry saw the two of them together – at mealtimes, or when they passed each other in the corridors – he had the distinct impression that Snape was avoiding Moody's gaze, whether he was magical or not. or normal.
"I think Snape is a little afraid of him, you know," Harry said thoughtfully.
"Imagine if Moody turned Snape into a horned toad," Ron said, misty-eyed, "and bounced him all over his dungeon..."
The fourth-year Gryffindors were so eagerly awaiting Moody's first lesson that they arrived early Thursday afternoon and lined up outside his class before the bell had even rung.  The only person missing was Hermione, who arrived just in time for class.
“I’ve been in the –”
"Library."  Harry finished his sentence for her.  “Come on, quickly, otherwise we won’t have decent seats.”
They rushed to three chairs directly in front of the professor's desk, pulled out their copies of The Dark Forces: A Guide to Self-Protection, and waited, unusually silent.  Soon, they heard Moody's distinctive muffled footsteps coming down the hall, and he entered the room, looking as strange and frightening as ever.  They could just see her clawed wooden foot protruding from under her dress.
"You can put these books away," he grumbled as he walked over to his desk and sat down, "these books. You won't need them."
They put the books back in their bags, Ron looking excited.
Moody pulled out a ledger, shook his long mane of graying gray hair out of his twisted, scarred face, and began calling out names, his normal eye moving steadily down the list while his magical eye swiveled around, fixating on each student as he or she responded.
 "In that case," he said, when the last person had declared themselves present, "I received a letter from Professor Lupine about this course. It seems that you have quite a thorough grounding in fighting creatures. darkness - you've covered boggarts, Redcaps, hinkypunks, grindylows, Kappas and werewolves, right?"
There was a general murmur of assent.
"But you're late – very late – in dealing with curses," Moody said.  "So, I'm here to update you on what wizards can do to each other. I have a year to teach you how to deal with Dark-"
“What, you’re not staying?”  Ron blurted.
Moody's magical eye turned to stare at Ron; Ron looked extremely worried, but after a moment, Moody smiled – the first time Harry had ever seen him do that.  The effect was to make his heavily scarred face more twisted and contorted than ever, but it was nonetheless good to know that he had already done something as friendly as smile.  Ron looked deeply relieved.
"You'll be Arthur Weasley's son, huh?"  » said Moody.  "Your father got me out of a very difficult situation a few days ago... Yeah, I only have a year left. Special favor to Dumbledore. . . . One year, then back to my quiet retirement. »
He laughed harshly, then clasped his gnarled hands.
"So, straight on. Curses. They come in many strengths and forms. Now, according to the Ministry of Magic, I'm supposed to teach you counter-curses and leave it at that. I'm not supposed to show you what is illegal." The dark curses seem to happen until you are in sixth year. You're not supposed to be old enough to deal with it by then. But Professor Dumbledore has a better opinion of your nerves, he thinks you can handle them, and I say: The sooner you know what you're up against, the better. How are you supposed to defend yourself against something you've never seen? A wizard who is about to place an illegal curse on you won't tell you what it is? He's not going to do it nice and polite to your face. You must be prepared and vigilant. You must put that away, Miss Brown, when I speak.
Lavender jumped and blushed.  She showed Parvati her completed horoscope under the desk.  Apparently Moody's magical eye could see through the solid wood, as well as the back of his head.
"So...do any of you know which curses are most heavily punished under wizarding law?"
Several hands shyly rose into the air, including Ron's and Hermione's.  Moody pointed at Ron, although his magical eye was still fixed on Lavender.
"Um," Ron said shyly, "my father told me about it... Is it called the Imperius Curse, or something like that?"
"Ah, yes," Moody said appreciatively. "Your father would know him. He gave the Ministry a lot of trouble at one time, the Imperius Curse."
Moody got up heavily on his mismatched feet, opened his desk drawer and took out a glass jar. Three large black spiders were scurrying inside. Harry felt Ron step back slightly beside him – Ron hated spiders.
Moody reached into the pot, grabbed one of the spiders and held it in the palm of his hand so they could all see it. He then pointed his wand at him and muttered "Imperio!"
The spider jumped from Moody's hand onto a thin silk thread and began swinging back and forth like a trapeze. He stretched his legs out rigidly, then did a backflip, breaking the wire and landing on the desk, where he began spinning in circles.  Moody waved his wand, and the spider stood up on two of its hind legs and began what was undoubtedly a tap dance.
Everyone was laughing – everyone except Moody.
“You think it’s funny, don’t you?” he growled.  “You would love it, wouldn’t you, if I did it to you?”
The laughter died down almost instantly.
"Full control," Moody said softly as the spider curled up into a ball and began rolling over and over.  "I could make him jump out the window, drown, throw himself into one of your gorges..."
Ron shuddered involuntarily.
"Years ago, many witches and wizards were controlled by the Imperius curse," Moody said, and Harry knew he was talking about the time when Voldemort was all-powerful.  “It’s kind of a job for the department, trying to figure out who was forced to act and who was acting of their own free will.
"The Imperius Curse can be fought, and I'll teach you how, but it takes real strength of character, and not everyone has that. It's best to avoid getting hit if you can. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!"  he barked and everyone jumped.
Moody picked up the somersaulting spider and threw it into the pot.
“Anyone else know one?” Another illegal curse?
Hermione's hand flew into the air again, as did Neville's, to Harry's slight surprise. The only class Neville usually gave information in was Herbology, which was by far his best subject.  Neville looked surprised at his own audacity.
 "Yes?" » Moody said, his magical eye turning towards Neville.
"There is one – the Cruciatus Curse," Neville said in a small but distinct voice.
Moody looked at Neville very carefully, this time with both eyes.
“Is your name Longbottom?”  he said, his magical eye dipping to check the register again.
Neville nodded nervously, but Moody made no further requests.  Turning back to the class as a whole, he dug through the pot to find the next spider and placed it on the desk, where it lay motionless, seemingly too afraid to move.
"The Cruciatus Curse," Moody said.  "It needs to be a little bigger for you to understand," he said, pointing his wand at the spider.  “Engorgio!”
The spider swelled. She was now bigger than a tarantula.  Abandoning all pretense, Ron pushed his chair back, as far from Moody's desk as possible.
Moody raised his wand again, pointed it at the spider, and muttered, "Crucio!"
Immediately, the spider's legs folded back on its body; he turned around and began twitching horribly, rocking from side to side.  No sound came out, but Harry was sure that if he could have raised his voice he would have screamed.  Moody didn't remove his wand and the spider started to move.dder and jerk off more violently - “Stop that!” » Hermione said shrilly.
Harry looked at her.  She wasn't looking at the spider, but at Neville, and Harry, following her gaze, saw that Neville's hands were clenched on the desk in front of him, his knuckles white, his eyes wide and horrified.
Moody raised his wand. The spider's legs relaxed, but it continued to contract.
"Reducio," Moody muttered, and the spider grew back to its proper size.  He put it back in the pot.
"Pain," Moody said softly.  “You don't need thumbscrews or knives to torture someone if you can perform the Cruciatus Curse... That one was also very popular in the old days.
“Well… does anyone know any others?”
Harry looked around.  From the looks on everyone's faces, he guessed that they were all wondering what would happen to the last spider.  Hermione's hand shook slightly as, for the third time, she raised it into the air.
"Yes?" Moody said looking at her.
"Avada Kedavra," Hermione whispered.
Several people looked at her worriedly, including Ron.
"Ah," Moody said, another slight smile twisting his lopsided mouth. "Yes, the last and worst. Avada Kedavra...the killing curse."
He put his hand in the glass jar, and almost as if it knew what was going to happen, the third spider scurried frantically around the bottom of the jar, trying to escape Moody's fingers, but he trapped and placed it on the desk.  He started running frantically across the wooden surface.
Moody raised his wand, and Harry felt a sudden shiver of apprehension.
“Avada Kedavra!”  Moody roared.
There was a flash of blinding green light and a rushing noise, as if something vast and invisible was hovering in the air - instantly the spider flipped onto its back, unmarked, but undoubtedly dead.  Several students muffled screams; Ron had thrown himself backwards and nearly fell out of his seat as the spider slithered towards him.
Moody swept the dead spider out of the office and threw it on the floor.
“Not nice,” he said quietly.  "Not pleasant. And there's no counter-curse. There's no way to block it. Only one known person has survived it, and she's sitting right in front of me."
Harry felt his face flush as Moody's eyes (both of them) looked into his.  He could feel everyone looking at him too.  Harry stared at the whiteboard as if fascinated, but didn't really see it at all...
This is how his parents died. . . exactly like this spider.  Had they been intact and unmarked as well?  Had they simply seen the flash of green light and heard the sound of a hastening death, before the life was erased from their bodies?
Harry had been imagining his parents' deaths for three years now, ever since he found out they were murdered, ever since he found out what happened that night: Wormtail had betrayed the place where his parents were for Voldemort, who came to pick them up in their cottage.  How Voldemort had killed Harry's father first.  How James Potter had tried to hold him back, while he shouted at his wife to take Harry and run. . . Voldemort had advanced towards Lily Potter, told her to move aside so he could kill Harry... how she had begged him to kill her instead, refused to stop protecting her son... and so Voldemort had murdered her too, before turning his wand on Harry.
Harry knew these details because he had heard his parents' voices when he fought the Dementors last year - for that was the terrible power of the Dementors: to force their victims to relive the worst memories of their lives and to drown helplessly in their own despair.
Moody spoke again, from far away, it seemed to Harry.  With massive effort, he returned to the present and listened to what Moody was saying.
"Avada Kedavra is a curse that needs a bit of powerful magic behind it - you could all take out your wands right now and point them at me and say the words, and I doubt I'll get even the slightest nosebleed. But It's not. It doesn't matter. I'm not here to teach you how to do it.
"Now, if there's no counter-curse, why am I showing it to you? Because you need to know. You need to understand what the worst is. You don't want to find yourself in a situation where you face it. CONSTANT VIGILANCE!”  » he roared, and the whole class jumped again.
"Now... these three curses - Avada Kedavra, Imperius and Cruciatus - are known as the Unforgivable Curses. Using any one of them on another human being is enough to merit a prison sentence life in Azkaban. This is what I must teach you to fight for. But above all, you must be constantly vigilant.
They spent the rest of the lesson taking notes on each of the Unforgivable Curses.  No one spoke until the bell rang - but when Moody dismissed them and they left the classroom, a torrent of words erupted.  Most people were talkinguttering the curses in an impressed voice - "Did you see him trembling?" "-and when he killed him-just like that!"
They were talking about the lesson, Harry thought, as if it were some sort of spectacular spectacle, but he hadn't found it very entertaining – and neither had Hermione, it seemed.
"Hurry up," she said tensely to Harry and Ron.
“Not the ruddy library yet?” Ron said.
"No," Hermione said dryly, pointing to a side passage.  “Neville.”  Neville stood alone, halfway up the passage, staring at the stone wall in front of him with the same wide-eyed, horrified look he had worn when Moody demonstrated the Cruciatus Curse.
“Neville?  » Hermione said softly.
Neville looked around.
“Oh hello,” he said, his voice much higher than usual.  "Interesting lesson, isn't it? I wonder what's for dinner, I'm - I'm starving, aren't I?"
"Neville, are you okay?"  Hermione said.
"Oh yes, I'm fine," Neville stammered in the same unnaturally high voice.  “Very interesting dinner – I mean lesson – what are we eating? »
Ron gave Harry a surprised look.
"Neville, what -?"
But a strange thud sounded behind them, and they turned to see Professor Moody limping towards them.  All four fell silent, looking at him with apprehension, but when he spoke, it was in a much deeper and softer growl than they had yet heard.
"It's okay, son," he told Neville.  "Why don't you come to my office? Come on...we can have a cup of tea...."
Neville seemed even more scared at the thought of having tea with Moody.  He didn't move or speak.  Moody turned his magical eye towards Harry.
"It's okay, isn't it, Potter?"
"Yes," Harry said, almost defiantly.
Moody's blue eye twitched slightly in its socket as he watched Harry.  Then he said, "You have to know. It sounds harsh, perhaps, but you have to know. No need to pretend... well... come on, Longbottom, I have some books that might interest you. "
Neville looked pleadingly at Harry, Ron, and Hermione, but they said nothing, so Neville had no choice but to let himself be pulled away, one of Moody's gnarled hands on his shoulder.
"What was it ?"  Ron said, watching Neville and Moody turn the corner.
"I don't know," Hermione said thoughtfully.
“A lesson, all the same, eh?” Ron said to Harry as they headed towards the Great Hall.  "Fred and George were right, weren't they? He really knows his stuff, Moody, doesn't he? When he did Avada Kedavra, the way that spider just died, just choked it out -"
But Ron suddenly fell silent at the look on Harry's face and didn't speak again until they reached the Great Hall, when he said he supposed they had better start tonight with the predictions of the Professor Trelawney, because it would take hours.
Hermione didn't join Harry and Ron's conversation during dinner, but ate furiously quickly, then headed back to the library.  Harry and Ron returned to Gryffindor Tower, and Harry, who had thought of nothing else throughout dinner, now brought up the subject of Unforgivable Curses himself.
"Wouldn't Moody and Dumbledore get in trouble with the Ministry if they knew we saw the curses?"  » Harry asked as they approached the Fat Lady.
"Yeah, probably," Ron said.  "But Dumbledore always did things his way, didn't he, and Moody has been in trouble for years, I think. He attacks first and asks questions later - look at his trash. Balderdash."
The Fat Lady turned forward to reveal the entrance hole, and they went up to the Gryffindor common room, which was crowded and noisy.
“Should we grab our Divination stuff, then? » Harry said.
"I suppose so," Ron groaned.
They went up to the dormitory to get their books and pictures, only to find Neville alone, sitting on his bed, reading.  He looked much calmer than he did at the end of Moody's lesson, although he still wasn't quite normal.  His eyes were rather red.
"Is everything okay, Neville?" Harry asked him.
"Oh yes," said Neville, "I'm fine, thank you. I just read this book that Professor Moody lent me..."
He showed the book: Magical Aquatic Plants of the Mediterranean.
"Apparently Professor Sprout told Professor Moody that I was really good at herbology," Neville said.  There was a slight note of pride in his voice that Harry had rarely heard before.  “He thought I would like it.”
Telling Neville what Professor Sprout had said, Harry thought, had been a very delicate way of cheering Neville up, because Neville very rarely heard that he was good at anything.  It was the sort of thing Professor Lupine would have done.
Harry and Ron took their copies of Unfogging the Future back to the common room, found a table, and began working on their predictions for the coming month.  An hour later, they had made very little progress, even though their table was littered with pieces of parchment bearing sums and symbols, and Harry's brain was as foggy as if it had been filled with the vapors from Professor Trelawney's fire.
“I have no idea what any of this is supposed to mean,” he says.» said looking at a long list of calculations.
"You know," said Ron, whose hair was standing on end from all the times he'd run his fingers through it in frustration, "I think we're going back to the old standby of Divination."
“What…invent?”
"Yeah," Ron said, sweeping the mess of scribbled notes from the table, dipping his pen in ink and starting to write.
“Next Monday,” he said, scribbling, “I may cough because of the unfortunate conjunction of Mars and Jupiter.”  He looked up at Harry.  “You know her – just put yourself through a lot of misery, she’ll take advantage of it.”
"Good," Harry said, scrunching up his first attempt and tossing it over the heads of a group of chattering first years into the fire.  "Okay... Monday I might get burned."
"Yeah, you will be," Ron said darkly, "we'll see the skrewts again on Monday. Okay, Tuesday I will... uh...
“Lose a valuable possession,” said Harry, thumbing through Unfogging the Future for ideas.
"Good," Ron said, copying him.  "Because of... uh... Mercury. Why don't you get stabbed in the back by someone you thought was a friend?"
“Yeah cool...” Harry said, scribbling it down, "because...Venus is in the twelfth house."
“And on Wednesday, I think I’m going to fare worst in a fight.”
"Aaah, I was going to fight. Okay, I'm going to lose a bet."
"Yeah, you bet I'll win my fight...
They continued to make predictions (which grew more and more tragic) for another hour, while the common room around them slowly emptied as people went to bed. Crookshanks walked over to them, hopped lightly onto an empty chair, and looked at Harry impenetrably, much like Hermione would if she knew they weren't doing their homework properly.
Looking around the room, trying to think of some kind of misfortune he hadn't used yet, Harry saw Fred and George sitting together against the opposite wall, heads together, quills out, hunched over a single piece of parchment. It was very unusual to see Fred and George hiding in a corner and working in silence; they generally liked to be in the thick of the action and the center of noisy attention.  There was something secretive about the way they worked on the piece of parchment, and Harry remembered how they had sat down together to write something at the Burrow.  He'd thought it was another purchase order for Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, but it didn't look like that this time; if that had been the case, they surely would have let Lee Jordan in on the joke.  He wondered if it had anything to do with entering the Triwizard Tournament.
As Harry watched, George shook his head at Fred, scratched something with his quill and said, in a very calm voice that nevertheless carried through the almost deserted room, "No, it looks like we're accusing him." careful. . ."
Then George looked and saw Harry looking at him.  Harry smiled and quickly returned to his predictions – he didn't want George to think he was eavesdropping.  Soon after, the twins rolled up their parchment, said goodnight, and went to bed.
Fred and George had been gone for about ten minutes when the portrait hole opened and Hermione came up to the common room carrying a sheaf of parchment in one hand and a box with its contents shaking as she walked in the other.  Crookshanks hunched his back, purring.
“Hello,” she said, “I’ve just finished!”
"Me too!" » Ron said triumphantly, throwing down his quill.
Hermione sat down, placed the things she was carrying in an empty chair and pulled Ron's predictions towards her.
“You’re not going to have a very good month, are you?” She said sardonically as Crookshanks curled up on her knees.
"Well, at least I've been warned," Ron yawned.
"You look like you're drowning twice," Hermione said.
"Oh that's right ?"  » Ron said, scrutinizing his predictions.  “I better change one so it gets trampled by a rampaging hippogriff.”
“Don’t you think it’s kind of obvious that you made that up?” Hermione said.
"How dare you!" » Ron said, mock indignant.  “We worked like house elves here!”
Hermione raised her eyebrows.
"It's just an expression," Ron said hurriedly.
Harry also put down his quill, having just finished predicting his own death by decapitation.
"What's in the box?" » he asked, pointing to him.
"Funny you should ask," Hermione said, shooting Ron a nasty look.  She removed the lid and showed them the contents.
Inside were about fifty badges, all different colors, but all bearing the same letters: S. P. E .W.
"To vomit?"  Harry said, picking up a badge and looking at it. "What it is about?"
"Don't throw up," Hermione said impatiently.  "It's S-P-E-W. Stands for Society for the Promotion of Elf Welfare."
“I’ve never heard of it,” Ron said.
"Well, of course not," Hermione said quickly, "I've only just started."
"Yeah?" Ron said with slight surprise. “How many members do you have?”
"Well, if the two of you, three of you, join in," Hermione said.
"And you think we want to take a walkYou wear badges that say “vomit,” right? » Ron said.
"TO VOMIT!" Hermione said hotly.  "I was going to put Stop the outrageous abuse of our fellow magical creatures and Campaign for a change in their legal status - but that wouldn't fit. So that's the title of our manifesto."
She brandished the sheaf of parchment at them.
"I've done extensive research at the library. Elf slavery goes back centuries. I can't believe no one has done anything about it before now."
"Hermione, open your ears," Ron said loudly. "They. Like. It. They like being enslaved!"
“Our short-term goals,” Hermione said, speaking even louder than Ron, and acting as if she hadn't heard a word, “are to ensure fair wages and working conditions for the house elves. Long-term goals include changing the law banning the use of magic wands, and trying to introduce an elf into the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, because they are shockingly underrepresented.
“And how do we do all this?” » Harry asked.
"We're starting by recruiting members," Hermione said happily. "I was thinking that two sickles could join us - that would buy a badge - and the profits could fund our pamphlet campaign. You are treasurer, Ron - I have a collection box for you upstairs - and Harry, you are secretary, so you could I want to write down everything I say now, as a record of our first meeting.
There was a pause during which Hermione beamed at the two of them, and Harry sat back, torn between exasperation with Hermione and amusement at the expression on Ron's face.  The silence was broken, not by Ron, who looked temporarily stunned anyway, but by a light knock, a tap on the window.  Harry looked across the now empty common room and saw, lit by the moonlight, a snowy owl perched on the windowsill.
“Hedwig!”  he shouted, and he threw himself out of his chair and crossed the room to open the window.
Hedwig walked inside, crossed the room, and landed on the table above Harry's predictions.
“About the weather!” Harry said rushing after her.
“She has an answer!” Ron said excitedly, pointing to the dirty piece of parchment attached to Hedwig's leg.
Harry hurriedly untied it and sat down to read, after which Hedwig fell onto his lap, hooting softly.
"What does it say?" » asked Hermione breathlessly.
The letter was very short and seemed to have been written in haste. Harry read it aloud:

Harry - 
I immediately fly north. This news about your scar is the latest in a series of strange rumors that have reached me here. If it still hurts, go straight to Dumbledore - they say he brought Mad-Eye out of retirement, which means he reads the signs, even if no one else knows it.
I will contact you soon. My best wishes to Ron and Hermione. Keep your eyes open, Harry.
Sirius

Harry looked up at Ron and Hermione, who were looking at him in turn. 
“He’s flying north?”  » Hermione whispered. "He returns ?"
 "Dumbledore reads what signs?" Ron said, looking perplexed.  "Harry, what's up?"
Because Harry had just hit his forehead with his fist, knocking Hedwig off his knees.
“I shouldn’t have told him!” » Harry said furiously.
"What are you talking about?" Ron said surprised.
“It made him think he had to come back!” Harry said, now slamming his fist on the table so that Hedwig landed on the back of Ron's chair, hooting in indignation.  "I'm coming back, because he thinks I'm in trouble! And there's nothing wrong with me! And I have nothing for you," Harry snapped at Hedwig, who was snapping her beak in the expectantly, "you'll have to go. go to the Aviary if you want some food."
 Hedwig gave him an extremely offended look and fled towards the open window, hitting him around the head with her outstretched wing as she left.
"Harry," Hermione began, in a rather soothing voice.
"I'm going to bed," Harry said shortly.  “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Upstairs in the dormitory, he put on his pajamas and climbed into his four-poster bed, but he didn't feel tired at all.
If Sirius came back and got caught, it would be his fault, Harry's.  Why hadn't he kept his mouth shut?  A few seconds of pain and he had to talk. . . . If only he'd had the sense to keep it to himself.
He heard Ron coming into the dorm shortly after, but didn't speak to him. For a long time, Harry lay staring at the dark sky from his bed.  The dormitory was completely silent and, if he had been less preoccupied, Harry would have realized that the absence of Neville's usual snoring meant that he wasn't the only one still awake.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN - BEAUXBATONS AND DURMSTANG

		Early the next morning, Harry woke up with a plan completely worked out in his mind, as if his sleeping brain had been working on it all night.  He got up, dressed in the pale light of dawn, left the dormitory without waking Ron, and headed back down to the deserted common room.  Here he took a piece of parchment from the table on which his divination homework still lay and wrote the following letter:

Dear Sirius,
I think I just imagined my scar hurtingg, I was half asleep when I wrote to you last time.  There's no point in coming back, everything is fine here.  Don't worry about me, my head is completely normal.
	Harry

He then exited the portrait hole, walked through the silent castle (only briefly held back by Peeves, who attempted to knock a large vase over him halfway down the fourth floor corridor), finally arriving at the Aviary, which was located at the top of the West Tower.
The Aviary was a circular stone room, rather cold and drafty, as none of the windows were glazed.  The ground was completely covered in straw, owl droppings, and the regurgitated skeletons of mice and voles.  Hundreds and hundreds of owls of every breed imaginable were nestled here on perches that rose to the top of the tower, almost all asleep, although here and there a round amber eye stared at Harry.  He spotted Hedwig nestled between a barn owl and a wild beast, and rushed towards her, slipping a little on the droppings-strewn ground.
It took him a while to persuade her to wake up and then look at him, as she continued to shuffle around on her perch, showing him her tail.  She was obviously still furious about his lack of gratitude from the night before.  In the end, it was Harry who suggested that maybe she was too tired and that maybe he would ask Ron to borrow Pigwidgeon, which caused her to stick her leg out and allow her to attach the letter to it.
“Find him, okay?”  Harry said, patting her back as he carried her on his arm to one of the holes in the wall.  “Before the Dementors.”
She bit his finger, perhaps a little harder than she usually would, but hooted softly in a reassuring manner all the same.  Then she spread her wings and flew off into the sunrise.  Harry watched her fly out of sight with the familiar uneasy feeling in his stomach.  He had been so sure that Sirius' response would alleviate his worries rather than increase them.
"It was a lie, Harry," Hermione said abruptly during breakfast, when he told her and Ron what he had done.  “You didn’t realize your scar hurt and you know it.”
"So what?" Harry said. "He won't return to Azkaban because of me."
"Forget it," Ron said sharply to Hermione as she opened her mouth to argue some more, and for once, Hermione listened and shut up.
Harry did his best not to worry about Sirius over the next few weeks.  Certainly he couldn't help looking around anxiously every morning when the mail owls arrived, nor, late at night, before going to sleep, from having horrible visions of Sirius, cornered by dementors on a dark London street, but in the meantime. he tried not to think about his godfather.  He wished he still had Quidditch to distract him; nothing worked as well on a troubled mind as a good, hard workout.  On the other hand, their lessons were becoming more difficult and demanding than ever, especially Moody's Defense Against the Dark Arts.
To their great surprise, Professor Moody announced that he would cast the Imperius Curse on each of them in turn, to demonstrate its power and see if they could resist its effects.
"But...but you said it was illegal, Professor," Hermione said uncertainly as Moody cleared the desks with a wave of his wand, leaving a large empty space in the middle of the room. "You said – using it against another human was – "
"Dumbledore wants you to teach what it feels like," Moody said, his magical eye swiveling on Hermione and fixing her with a strange, unblinking gaze.  "If you'd rather learn the hard way - when someone forces it on you so they can control yourself completely - fine by me. You're excused. Go ahead."
 He pointed a gnarled finger toward the door.  Hermione turned very pink and muttered something about not meaning she wanted to leave.  Harry and Ron smiled at each other.  They knew Hermione would rather eat bubotuber pus than miss such an important lesson.
Moody began to signal the students to come forward and cast the Imperius Charm on them.  Harry watched, one by one, as his classmates did the most extraordinary things under his influence.  Dean Thomas jumped around the room three times singing the national anthem. Lavender Brown imitates a squirrel.  Neville performed a rather astonishing series of gymnastics which he certainly would not have been capable of in his normal state.  None of them seemed to be able to fight the curse, and each of them only recovered after Moody had it removed.
"Potter," Moody growled, "you're next."
Harry walked towards the middle of the class, into the space that Moody had cleared of desks.  Moody raised his wand, pointed it at Harry and said, "1mperio!" »
It was the most wonderful feeling.  Harry felt a floating sensation as every thought and worry in his head was gently erased, leaving nothing but a vague, unobtainable happiness. He stood there, immensely relaxed, vaguely aware that everyone was looking at him.
And theThen he heard Mad-Eye Moody's voice, echoing in a distant chamber of his empty brain: Jump on the desk. . . jumps on the desk. . .
Harry obediently bent his knees, preparing to pounce.
Jump onto the desk....
But why ?  Another voice had awakened in the depths of his brain.
 This is a really stupid thing to do, the voice said.
Jump onto the desk....
No, I don't think I will, thank you, the other voice said, a little more firmly. . . no, I don't really want to.
Leap! NOW!
The next thing Harry felt was considerable pain.  He had both jumped and tried to stop himself from jumping - the result was that he had crashed head-on into the desk, knocking it over, and through the sensation in his legs, he had fractured both ball joints.
“Now that’s more like it!”  Moody's voice growled, and suddenly Harry felt the empty, echoing feeling in his head disappear.  He remembered exactly what was happening and the pain in his knees seemed to double.
"Look at this, all of you... Potter fought! He fought him, and he almost beat him! We'll try again, Potter, and the rest of you, be careful - watch his eyes, he This is where you see it - very good, Potter, very good indeed!

"The way he talks," Harry muttered as he left Defense Against the Dark Arts class an hour later (Magrey had insisted on testing Harry four times in a row, until Harry can completely get rid of the spell). “you would think we were all going to be attacked at any moment.”
"Yeah, I know," Ron said, skipping every step.  He'd had a much harder time with the spell than Harry, even though Moody had assured him the effects would wear off by lunchtime.  "Talk about paranoia..." Ron glanced nervously over his shoulder to make sure Moody was definitely out of earshot and continued.  "No wonder they were happy to get shot at the Ministry. Did you hear him tell Seamus what he did to that witch who was screaming 'Boo' behind him on April Fool's Day? And when are we supposed to read about the Imperius Curse with everything we have to do?
All fourth graders had noticed a marked increase in the amount of work required of them for this term.  Professor McGonagall explained why, when the class let out a particularly loud groan at the amount of Transfiguration homework she had assigned.
“You are now entering the most important phase of your magical education!”  she told them, her eyes glinting dangerously behind her square glasses.  "Your ordinary wizard levels are getting closer--"
“We don’t take OWLs until fifth grade!” Dean Thomas helps himself indignantly.
"Maybe not, Thomas, but trust me, you need all the preparation you can get! Miss Granger remains the only person in this class who has successfully turned a hedgehog into a satisfying pincushion. I might remind you that your pincushion, Thomas, it always cowers in fear if anyone comes near it with a pin!”
Hermione, who had turned quite rosy again, seemed to be trying not to look too pleased with herself.
Harry and Ron were deeply amused when Professor Trelawney told them that they had received top grades for their homework in their next Divination class.  She read large portions of their predictions, praising them for their unwavering acceptance of the horrors that awaited them - but they were less amused when she asked them to do the same for the following month; both were out of ideas for disasters.
Meanwhile, Professor Binns, the ghost who taught the history of magic, had them write weekly essays on the goblin rebellions of the 18th century.  Professor Snape was forcing them to research antidotes.  They took this one seriously, as he had hinted that he might poison one of them before Christmas to see if their antidote worked.  Professor Flitwick had asked them to read three additional books in preparation for their lesson on summoning spells.
Even Hagrid was adding to their workload.  The Blast-Ended Skrewts were growing at a remarkable rate considering no one had yet discovered what they ate.  Hagrid was delighted and, as part of their "project", suggested that they go down to his cabin every other evening to observe the skrewts and take notes on their extraordinary behavior.
"I won't," Draco Malfoy said flatly when Hagrid had suggested it with the air of Santa Claus pulling an extra-large toy out of his bag.  “I see enough of these filthy things during class, thank you.”
Hagrid's smile faded from his face.
"You'll do as you say," he growled, "or I'll take a leaf out of Professor Moody's book...I heard you were a good ferret, Malfoy."
The Gryffindors burst out laughing. Malfoy blushed in anger, but apparently the memory of Moody's punishment was still painful enough to prevent him from retaliating. Harry, Ron and Hermione returned to the castle at the end of the lesson in good spirits; seeing Hagrid belittle Malfoy was particularly satisfying, especially becauseMalfoy had done his best to get Hagrid fired the year before.
When they arrived at the entrance hall, they found themselves unable to continue due to the large crowd of students gathered there, all gathered around a large sign erected at the foot of the marble staircase.  Ron, the tallest of the three, stood on tiptoe to see over the heads in front of them and read the sign aloud to the other two:


TRIWIZARDS TOURNAMENT
THE DELEGATIONS OF BEAUXBATONS AND
DURMSTANG WILL ARRIVE AT 6 O’clock
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 30.  LESSONS WILL BE
FINISH HALF AN HOUR EARLY --

		"Bright!" Harry said.  "It's the last potions activity on Friday!" Snape won't have time to poison us all!

STUDENTS WILL RETURN THEIR BAGS AND BOOKS
		TO THEIR DORMITORIES AND GATHER IN FRONT
OF THE CHÂTEAU TO WELCOME OUR GUESTS BEFORE
		THE WELCOME PARTY.
	“Only a week away! » said Ernie Macmillan of Hufflepuff, emerging from the crowd, his eyes shining.  “I wonder if Cedric knows? I think I'll go tell him..."
	“Cedric? Ron said matter-of-factly as Ernie hurried away.
"Diggory," Harry said. "He must participate in the tournament."
“That idiot, Hogwarts champion?  Ron said as they made their way through the chattering crowd towards the stairs.
"He's not an idiot. You just don't like him because he beat Gryffindor at Quidditch," Hermione said.  “I heard he’s a very good student – ​​and he’s a prefect.”
She spoke as if that would solve the problem.
"You only like him because he's handsome," Ron said scathingly.
“Excuse me, I don’t like people just because they’re pretty!”  Hermione said indignantly.
Ron let out a loud fake cough, which sounded suspiciously like "Lockhart!"
The appearance of the sign in the entrance hall had a marked effect on the inhabitants of the castle.  For the next week, there seemed to be only one topic of conversation no matter where Harry went: the Triwizard Tournament. Rumors flew from student to student like highly contagious germs: who would attempt to become Hogwarts champion, what the tournament would entail, how the students of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang differed from themselves.
Harry also noticed that the castle seemed to be undergoing a very thorough cleaning. Several filthy portraits had been cleaned, much to the dismay of their subjects, who were huddled in their frames, muttering darkly and grimacing as they felt their raw, pink faces. The armor suddenly glowed and moved without creaking, and Argus Filch, the guard, behaved so ferociously towards any students who forgot to wipe their shoes that he terrified two first-year girls and drove them into hysterics.
The other staff members also seemed strangely tense.
"Longbottom, please don't reveal that you can't even perform a simple change spell in front of someone from Durmstrang!"  Professor McGonagall barked at the end of a particularly difficult lesson, during which Neville had accidentally transplanted his own ears onto a cactus.
When they came down to breakfast on the morning of October 30, they discovered that the Great Hall had been decorated overnight.  Huge silk banners hung from the walls, each representing a Hogwarts house: red with a golden lion for Gryffindor, blue with a bronze eagle for Ravenclaw, yellow with a black badger for Hufflepuff, and green with a snake. money for Slytherin.  Behind the staff table, the largest banner of all bore the Hogwarts coat of arms: lion, eagle, badger and serpent gathered around a large letter H.
Harry, Ron and Hermione sat next to Fred and George at the Gryffindor table. Once again, and most unusual, they were sitting apart from the others and conversing in low voices. Ron led the way.
"It's disappointing, all right," George said darkly to Fred. "But if he doesn't want to talk to us in person, we'll still have to send him the letter. Or we'll put it in his hand. He can't avoid us forever.
“Who’s avoiding you?” Ron said as he sat down next to them.
“I wish you would,” Fred said, looking irritated at the interruption.
“What’s disappointing?” Ron asked George.
“Having a nosy asshole like you for a brother,” George said.
“Do you already have any thoughts on the Triwizard Tournament?”  » Harry asked.  “Have you thought about trying to get in yet?”
"I asked McGonagall how champions were chosen but she didn't tell me," George said bitterly.  “She just told me to shut up and keep transfiguring my raccoon.”
“I wonder what the tasks will be? » Ron said thoughtfully.  "You know, I bet we could do them, Harry. We've done dangerous things before..."
“Not in front of a jury, you didn’t do it,” Fred said.  "McGonagall says champions receive points based on how well they completed their tasks."
“Who are the judges?” » Harry asked.
"Well, the headmasters of the participating schools are still on the panel," Hermione said, and everyone looked at her, rather surprised, "because all three of them were injured duringthe 1792 Tournament, where a cockatrice that the champions were supposed to catch, was unleashed.
She noticed they were all looking at her and said, with her usual look of impatience that no one else had read all the books she had, "It's all in Hogwarts A History. Although, of course, this book is not entirely reliable. A Revised History of Hogwarts would be a more accurate title. Or A very biased and selective history of Hogwarts, which glosses over the more unpleasant aspects of the school.
"What are you talking about?" Ron said, even though Harry thought he knew what was going to happen.
“House elves!” Hermione said, her eyes shining.  “Not once, in over a thousand pages, does Hogwarts, A History mention that we all colluded in the oppression of a hundred slaves!
Harry shook his head and busied himself with his scrambled eggs.  His and Ron's lack of enthusiasm had done nothing to dampen Hermione's determination to pursue justice for the house elves.
It is true that they had both paid two sickles for a S.P.E.W. badge, but they had only done it to silence her.  However, their sickles had been wasted; if anything, they seemed to have made Hermione louder.  Since then, she had been pestering Harry and Ron, first to wear the regalia, then to persuade the others to do the same, and had also taken to making noise in the Gryffindor common room every night. , cornering people and shaking the collection box under their noses. .
“You do realize that your sheets are changed, your fires lit, your classrooms cleaned, and your food prepared by a group of magical creatures who are unpaid and enslaved?  she repeated fiercely.
Some people, like Neville, had paid just to keep Hermione from glaring at them. A few seemed mildly interested in what she had to say, but were reluctant to take a more active role in the campaign.  Many considered it all a joke.
Ron was now rolling his eyes at the ceiling, which was bathing them all in autumn sunshine, and Fred became extremely interested in his bacon (both twins had refused to buy a S.P.E.W. badge).  George, however, leaned towards Hermione.
"Look, have you ever been to the kitchens, Hermione?"
"No, of course not," Hermione said dryly, "I don't think students are supposed to –"
"Well, we've done it," George said, pointing to Fred, "loads of times, to eat food. And we've met them, and they're happy. They think they have the best job in the world -"
“It’s because they are uneducated and brainwashed!”  Hermione began hotly, but her next few words were drowned out by the sudden whistling coming from above her head, which announced the arrival of the post owls.  Harry immediately looked up and saw Hedwig rushing towards him.  Hermione suddenly stopped talking; She and Ron watched Hedwig anxiously as she landed on Harry's shoulder, folded her wings, and stretched her leg wearily.
Harry complied with Sirius' response and offered Hedwig his bacon rinds, which she ate gratefully.  Then, checking that Fred and George were safely immersed in further discussions about the Triwizard Tournament, Harry read Sirius' letter quietly to Ron and Hermione.

Nice try, Harry.
I'm back in the countryside and well hidden.  I want you to keep me informed about everything that's happening at Hogwarts.  Don't use Hedwig, keep changing owls and don't worry about me, just take care of yourself. Don't forget what I said about your scar.
		Sirius

		“Why do you have to keep changing owls?”  » Ron asked in a low voice.
		"Hedwig is going to attract too much attention," Hermione said immediately. "She stands out. A snowy owl that keeps coming back to wherever it's hiding. . . I mean, they're not native birds, are they?"
		Harry rolled up the letter and slipped it into his robes, wondering if he felt more or less worried than before.  He supposed Sirius managing to get back without getting caught was something.  He also couldn't deny that the idea of ​​Sirius being much closer was reassuring; at least he wouldn't have to wait so long to get a response every time he wrote.
“Thank you, Hedwig,” he said, stroking her. She hooted sleepily, briefly dipped her beak in her cup of orange juice, then left again, visibly desperate to have a good, long sleep in the Aviary.
There was a nice feeling of anticipation in the air that day.  No one was very attentive in the courtyards, being much more interested in the arrival that evening of the people from Beauxbatons and Durmstrang; even the potions were more bearable than usual, as they lasted half an hour shorter.  When the bell rang early, Harry, Ron and Hermione rushed to Gryffindor Tower, dropped off their bags and books as instructed, put on their cloaks and rushed downstairs into the entrance hall.
House directors ordered their students to queue.
"Weasley, straighten your hat," Professor McGonagall called to Ron.  “Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair.”
Parvati frowned and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her body.braid.
"Follow me, please," Professor McGonagall said.  “First years ahead... no pressure...
They walked down the steps and lined up in front of the castle.  It was a cold, clear evening; twilight was falling and a pale, transparent moon was already shining above the Forbidden Forest.  Harry, standing between Ron and Hermione in the fourth row from the front, saw Dennis Creevey shivering impatiently among the other first years.
"Almost six o'clock," Ron said, checking his watch then looking down the path that led to the front doors.  "How do you think they get there? The train?"
"I doubt it," Hermione said.
"How then? Brooms?"  Harry suggested, looking up at the starry sky.
 "I don't think so... not that far away...
“A Portkey?” » suggested Ron.  "Or they could Apparate – maybe you're allowed to do that under seventeen, wherever they're from?"
"You can't apparate into Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you that?" Hermione said impatiently.
They eagerly scanned the darkening terrain, but nothing moved; everything was calm, silent and just as usual.  Harry was starting to feel cold.  He wished they would hurry up. ... Perhaps the foreign students were preparing a spectacular entrance. . . . He remembered what Mr. Weasley had said at the campsite before the Quidditch World Cup: "always the same - we can't resist showing off when we get together..."
And then Dumbledore shouted from the back row where he stood with the other teachers: "Aha! Unless there is a major error, the Beauxbatons delegation is approaching!
"Or?" Many students eagerly said, all looking in different directions.
"There!" » a sixth year shouted, pointing towards the forest.
Something large, much larger than a broomstick – or even a hundred brooms – was hurtling across the deep blue sky towards the castle, growing larger and larger with each passing moment.
“It’s a dragon!”  » one of the first years shouted, completely losing her mind.
"Don't be stupid...it's a flying house!"  » said Dennis Creevey.
Dennis' hypothesis was closer. . . . As the gigantic black shape flew over the treetops of the Forbidden Forest and the lights shining from the castle windows hit it, they saw a gigantic powder blue carriage, the size of a large house, hurtling towards them, pulled through the forest. air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant.
The first three rows of students backed away as the car descended ever lower, coming to land at enormous speed - then, with an almighty crash that sent Neville jumping backwards onto a fifth-year Slytherin's foot, the horses' hooves, bigger than dinner. plates, hit the ground.  A second later, the carriage landed too, bouncing on its vast wheels, while the golden horses shook their enormous heads and rolled their great fiery red eyes.
Harry had just time to see that the car door bore a crest (two crossed golden wands each emitting three stars) before it opened.
A boy in a pale blue dress jumped out of the car, leaned forward, fumbled for a moment with something on the floor of the car, and unfolded a set of golden steps.  He stepped back respectfully.  Then Harry saw a shiny black high-heeled shoe emerge from inside the carriage – a shoe the size of a child's sled – followed, almost immediately, by the tallest woman he had ever seen in his life.  The size of the carriage and horses were immediately explained.  A few people gasped.
Harry had only seen one person as tall as this woman in his life, and that was Hagrid; he doubted there was an inch difference between their heights.  Yet somehow – perhaps just because he was used to Hagrid – this woman (now at the foot of the steps and looking around at the crowd waiting for her, wide-eyed) seemed even more abnormally large.  As she stepped into the light coming from the entrance hall, she was revealed to have a beautiful, olive-skinned face; large, black, liquid eyes; and a rather beaky nose.  Her hair was pulled back in a shiny lock at the base of her neck.  She was dressed from head to toe in black satin, and many beautiful opals shone on her neck and on her thick fingers.
Dumbledore began to applaud; the students, following her example, also began to applaud, many of them standing on tiptoes to get a better look at this woman.
Her face relaxed into a gracious smile and she stepped towards Dumbledore, holding out a glistening hand.  Dumbledore, although tall himself, barely needed to lean in to kiss him.
“My dear Madame Maxime,” he said. "Welcome to Hogwarts."
“Bête-dort,” said Madame Maxime in a deep voice. “I hope I like you?”
"In excellent shape, thank you," Dumbledore said.
“My students,” said Madame Maxime, carelessly waving one of her enormous hands behind her.
Harry, whose attention was entirely focused on Madame Maxime, now noticed that a dozen boys and girls, all, judging by their appearance, in their late teens, hadgot out of the car and were now standing behind Madame Maxime.  They were shivering, which was not surprising, given that their robes appeared to be made of fine silk and none of them wore cloaks.  A few had wrapped scarves and shawls around their heads.  From what Harry could see of them (they were standing in Madame Maxime's enormous shadow), they were looking at Hogwarts with a worried look.
“Like Karkaroff has already arrived?”  asked Madame Maxime.
"He should be here at all times," Dumbledore said.  “Would you like to wait here and greet him or would you rather come in and warm up a trifle? »
 “Warm up, I think,” said Madame Maxime. “But horses –” 
 "Our Care of Magical Creatures professor will be happy to take care of them," said Dumbledore, "by the time he returns after having to deal with a slight situation that happened with some of his other - er - charges."
"Skrewts," Ron muttered to Harry, smiling.
"My steeds need to be... uh... forced," Madame Maxime said, seeming to doubt that a Care of Magical Creatures professor at Hogwarts could be up to the task.  "Zey is very strong..."
"I assure you Hagrid will be up to the job," Dumbledore said, smiling.
“Very good,” said Madame Maxime, bowing slightly. "Will you please inform these 'Agrid zat ze' that horses only drink single malt whisky?"
"We'll take care of it," Dumbledore said, bowing as well. 
“Come,” Madame Maxime said imperiously to her students, and the Hogwarts crowd parted to allow her and her students to climb the stone steps.
“How big do you think Durmstrang’s horses will be?”  » said Seamus Finnigan, leaning around Lavender and Parvati to address Harry and Ron.
"Well, if they're bigger than that, even Hagrid won't be able to handle them," Harry said.  "That's if he wasn't attacked by his skrewts. I wonder what's going on with them?"
"Maybe they escaped," Ron said hopefully.
"Oh, don't say that," Hermione said with a shudder. “Imagine this whole group free on the ground…”
They stood, shivering slightly now, waiting for Durmstrang's group to arrive. Most people looked to the sky with hope.
 For a few minutes, the silence was broken only by Madame Maxime's enormous horses which sniffed and stamped. But then: “Do you hear anything? » Ron said suddenly.
Harry listened; a loud and strangely ominous sound drifted towards them from the darkness: a muffled growl and sucking, as if a huge vacuum cleaner were moving along a riverbed.
"Lake!"  » shouted Lee Jordan, pointing at him.  “Look at the lake!”
From their position atop the lawns overlooking the field, they had a clear view of the smooth black surface of the water - except that the surface was suddenly no longer smooth at all. Troubles were taking place deep in the center; large bubbles were forming on the surface, waves were now sweeping across the muddy banks - and then, in the very middle of the lake, a whirlpool appeared, as if a giant cork had just been torn from the bottom of the lake. .
What appeared to be a long black pole began to slowly rise out of the heart of the whirlpool. . . and then Harry saw the rigging....
“It’s a mast!”  he said to Ron and Hermione.
Slowly, beautifully, the ship rose from the water, shining in the moonlight.  It had a strangely skeletal appearance, as if it were a resurrected wreck, and the dim, hazy lights that twinkled in its portholes looked like ghostly eyes.  Finally, with a loud sloshing noise, the ship emerged fully, rocking on the turbulent water, and began to slide towards the bank.  A few moments later, they heard the sound of an anchor thrown into the shallows and the dull thud of a plank being lowered onto the bank.
People were disembarking; they could see their silhouettes passing by the lights of the ship's portholes.  Harry noticed that they all seemed to be built after Crabbe and Goyle... but as they got closer, walking across the lawns in the light coming from the entrance hall, he saw that their bulk was actually due to their size. to the fact that they wore coats of a kind of shaggy, tangled fur.  But the man who led them to the castle wore furs of a different type: smooth and silver, like his hair.
“Dumbledore! "" he called warmly as he climbed the slope.  “How are you, dear, how are you?”
"Blooming, thank you, Professor Karkaroff," Dumbledore replied.  Karkaroff had a fruity, creamy voice; When he stepped into the light coming from the castle's front doors, they saw that he was tall and thin like Dumbledore, but his white hair was short and his goatee (ending in a small curl) did not entirely hide his chin. rather weak. .  When he joined Dumbledore, he shook hands with both of his people.
"Dear old Hogwarts," he said, looking up at the castle and smiling; her teeth were rather yellow, and Harry noticed that her smile did not extend to her eyes, which remainedd cold and clever.  "How good it is to be here, how good it is... Viktor, come, in the heat... you don't mind, Dumbledore? Viktor has a slight head cold..."
Karkaroff motioned for one of his students to come forward.  As the boy passed, Harry caught sight of a prominent curved nose and thick black eyebrows.  He didn't need the punch on the arm that Ron had given him, nor the ringing in his ear, to recognize this profile.
"Harry, it's Krum!"

CHAPTER SIXTEEN - THE GOBLET OF FIRE

		I do not believe it ! Ron said in a stunned voice, as the Hogwarts students walked up the steps behind the party from Durmstrang. “Krum, Harry!”  Viktor Krum!”
		"For heaven's sake, Ron, he's just a Quidditch player," Hermione said.
		“Only a Quidditch player?”  » Ron said, looking at her as if he couldn't believe his ears.  "Hermione, he's one of the best seekers in the world! I didn't know he was still at school!"
		As they walked through the entrance hall with the rest of the Hogwarts students heading towards the Great Hall, Harry saw Lee Jordan jumping up and down on the balls of his feet to get a better look at the back of Krum's head. .  Several sixth grade girls were frantically searching their pockets as they walked - "Oh, I can't believe it, I don't have a single feather on me -"
“Do you think he would sign my hat with lipstick?”
"Really," Hermione said haughtily as they passed the girls, now fighting over lipstick.
"I'll get his autograph if I can," Ron said. "You don't have a quill, do you, Harry?"
"No, they're upstairs in my bag," Harry said.
They walked over to the Gryffindor table and sat down. Ron made sure to sit on the side facing the door, as Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students were still gathered around, seemingly unsure where they should sit.  The Beauxbatons students had chosen seats at the Ravenclaw table.  They looked around the Great Hall with grim expressions on their faces.  Three of them still wore scarves and shawls around their heads.
"It's not that cold," Hermione said defensively.  “Why didn’t they bring coats?”
"This way! Come sit here!"  » hissed Ron.  "This way! Hermione, move, make a space -"
"What?"
"Too late," Ron said bitterly.
Viktor Krum and his fellow Durmstrang students were seated at the Slytherin table.  Harry could see Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle looking very smug about it.  As he watched, Malfoy leaned down to speak to Krum.
"Yeah, that's right, talk bad to him, Malfoy," Ron said scathingly.  "I bet Krum can see right through him, though... I bet he makes people worship him all the time... Where do you think they'll sleep? We could give him a place in our dormitory, Harry... I wouldn't mind giving him my bed, I could sleep on a camp cot.
 Hermione snorted.
“They look a lot happier than the Beauxbatons,” Harry said.  Durmstrang's students removed their heavy furs and looked up at the black, starry ceiling with expressions of interest; a few of them picked up the golden plates and goblets and examined them, apparently impressed.
At the teachers' table, Filch, the caretaker, was adding chairs.  He wore his musty old tailcoat in honor of the occasion.  Harry was surprised to see that he had added four chairs, two on either side of Dumbledore's.
"But there are only two more people," Harry said.  “Why is Filch putting four chairs, who else is coming?”
"Eh ?"  » Ron said vaguely.  He still looked at Krum hungrily.
When all the students had entered the room and been seated at their house tables, the staff entered, filing into the top table and taking their seats.  The last in line were Professor Dumbledore, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime.  When their headmistress appeared, the Beauxbatons students jumped to their feet.  A few Hogwarts students laughed.  The Beauxbatons group, however, did not seem at all embarrassed and only took their seats once Madame Maxime was seated to Dumbledore's left.  Dumbledore remained standing and a silence fell over the Great Hall.
"Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, ghosts and - most especially - guests," Dumbledore said, beaming at the foreign students.  "It gives me great pleasure to welcome you to Hogwarts. I hope and hope that your stay here will be both comfortable and enjoyable."
One of the Beauxbatons girls, still holding a muffler around her head, laughed undeniably mockingly.
“No one is forcing you to stay!”  » Hermione whispered, bristling.
"The tournament will be officially opened at the end of the party," Dumbledore said. “I now invite you all to eat, drink and make yourself at home!”
He sat down and Harry saw Karkaroff immediately lean forward and engage him in conversation.
The plates in front of them were piled high with food, as usual.  The house elves in the kitchen seemed to have pulled out all the stops; There was a greater variety of food before them than Harry had ever seen, includingg several who were definitely foreigners.
"What is this?" Ron said, pointing to a large plate of some sort of shellfish stew that sat next to a large steak and kidney pudding.
"Bouillabaisse," Hermione said.
"Bless you," Ron said.
"It's French," said Hermione, "I got it on vacation last summer. It's very nice."
"I'll take your word for it," Ron said, helping himself to the black pudding.
The Great Hall somehow seemed much more crowded than usual, even though there were barely twenty more students; perhaps it was because their different colored uniforms stood out so clearly against the black of the Hogwarts robes.  Now that they had removed their furs, Durmstrang's students were revealed to be wearing deep blood-red robes.
Hagrid entered the room through a door behind the staff table twenty minutes after the feast had started.  He slid into his seat at the back and waved at Harry, Ron and Hermione with a very heavily bandaged hand.
"Are the Skrewts okay, Hagrid?" Harry called.
“Thrive,” Hagrid replied happily.
"Yeah, I bet they are," Ron said quietly.  “Looks like they finally found a food they like, right?” Hagrid's fingers.
At this moment, a voice said: “Excuse me, do you want some bouillabaisse?”
It was the girl from Beauxbatons who had laughed during Dumbledore's speech.  She had finally removed her silencer.  A long lock of silver-blonde hair fell almost to her waist.  She had large, deep blue eyes and very white, even teeth.
Ron turned purple. He looked at her, opened his mouth to respond, but nothing came out except a slight gurgling sound.
"Yeah, take it," Harry said, pushing the dish towards the girl.
“Have you finished doing it?”
"Yeah," Ron said breathlessly. “Yeah, it was excellent.”
The girl picked up the dish and carefully carried it to Ravenclaw's table. Ron was still looking at the girl like he'd never seen one before. Harry started laughing. The sound seemed to bring Ron back to his senses.
“She’s a Veela!”  he said hoarsely to Harry.
“Of course she’s not!” » said Hermione acerbically.  “I don’t see anyone else gawking at her like an idiot!”
But she wasn't entirely right about that.  As the girl walked down the hall, many of the boys' heads turned, and some of them seemed temporarily speechless, as did Ron.
“I’m telling you, she’s not a normal girl!” Ron said, leaning to the side so he could keep a clear view of her. "They don't make them like that at Hogwarts!"
"They do them well at Hogwarts," Harry said without thinking.  Cho just happened to be sitting a few seats away from the silver-haired girl.
"When you both get your eyes back on," Hermione said quickly, "you'll be able to see who's just arrived."
She pointed to the teachers' table. The two remaining empty seats had just been filled. Ludo Bagman was now sitting on the other side of Professor Karkaroff, while Mr. Crouch, Percy's boss, was next to Madame Maxime.
“What are they doing here?” Harry said surprised.
"They held the Triwizard Tournament, didn't they?" Hermione said. “I guess they wanted to be here to see it start.”
When the second course arrived, they also noticed a number of unfamiliar desserts. Ron carefully examined a strange sort of pale blancmange, then carefully moved it a few inches to his right, so that it was clearly visible from the Ravenclaw table. The veela-looking girl, however, seemed to have eaten enough and hadn't come looking for him.
Once the golden plates were cleared, Dumbledore stood up.  A kind of pleasant tension now seemed to fill the room.  Harry felt a slight thrill of excitement, wondering what was going to happen.  Several seats away from them, Fred and George were leaning forward, staring at Dumbledore with great concentration.
"The time has come," Dumbledore said, smiling at the sea of ​​upturned faces. "The Triwizard Tournament is about to begin. I would like to say a few words of explanation before bringing the coffin --"
 "The what?" » Harry muttered.
Ron shrugged.
"- just to clarify the procedure we will be following this year. But first, let me introduce, for those who don't know them, Mr. Bartemius Crouch, Head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation" - there was a handful of polite applause - "and Mr. Ludo Bagman, head of the magical games and sports department."
There was much louder applause for Bagman than for Crouch, perhaps because of his fame as a drummer, or simply because he seemed much nicer.  He recognized him with a jovial wave of his hand.  Bartemius Crouch did not smile or wave when his name was announced.  Remembering him in his neat suit at the Quidditch World Cup, Harry thought he looked odd in the wizarding robes.  His toothbrush mustache and severe parting looked very strange next to Dumbledore's long white hair and beard.
"Mr Bagman and Mr Crouch have worked tirelessly over recent months on arrangements for the Tri"Wizarding tournament," Dumbledore continued, "and they will join myself, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime on the panel that will judge the champions' efforts."
At the mention of the word “champions”, the attention of the students who were listening seemed to sharpen.  Perhaps Dumbledore had noticed their sudden stillness, for he smiled and said, "The coffin, then, please, Mr. Filch."
Filch, who had been hiding unnoticed in a far corner of the room, now approached Dumbledore carrying a large wooden chest encrusted with jewels. It looked extremely old. A murmur of excited interest arose from the watching students; Dennis Creevey stood upright in his chair to get a good look at him, but being so small his head was barely higher than anyone else's.
"The instructions for the tasks the champions will face this year have already been reviewed by Mr. Crouch and Mr. Bagman," Dumbledore said as Filch carefully placed the chest on the table in front of him, "and they have made the necessary arrangements For each there will be three tasks, spaced throughout the school year, and they will test the champions in different ways: their magical prowess - their daring - their powers of deduction - and, of course, their. ability to face danger.
At this last word, the room was filled with such absolute silence that no one seemed to breathe.
"As you know, there are three champions participating in the tournament," Dumbledore continued calmly, "one from each of the participating schools. They will be graded on how well they perform each of the tournament tasks and the champion with the highest total after task . three will win the Triwizard Cup. The champions will be chosen by an impartial selector: the Goblet of Fire.
Dumbledore then took out his wand and tapped the top of the coffin three times. The lid slowly creaked open.  Dumbledore reached inside and pulled out a large, roughly hewn wooden cup.  It would have been completely unremarkable if it hadn't been filled to the brim with dancing blue-white flames.
Dumbledore closed the coffin and carefully placed the goblet on top, where it would be clearly visible to everyone in the room.
"Anyone wishing to present themselves as champion must write their name and that of their school clearly on a piece of parchment and place it in the goblet," Dumbledore said. "The aspiring champions have twenty-four hours to present themselves. Tomorrow evening, Halloween, the cup will return the names of the three it has judged most worthy of representing their schools. The cup will be placed this evening in the hall entry, where it will be freely accessible to all those who wish to compete.
"To ensure that no underage student gives in to temptation," said Dumbledore, "I will draw an age line around the Goblet of Fire once it has been placed in the entrance hall. No one under the age of seventeen will not be able to cross it.
"Finally, I wish to convey to all of you wishing to participate that this tournament should not be entered into lightly. Once a champion has been selected by the Goblet of Fire, he or she is obligated to lead the tournament until the end Placing your name in the cup constitutes a magical and binding contract There can be no change of mind once you become a champion. all heart ready to play before writing your name in the cup. Now I think it's time to go to bed.
“An age line!”  said Fred Weasley, his eyes bright, as they all walked down the hall to the entrance hall doors.  "Well, that should be fooled by an aging potion, right? And once your name is in that goblet, you laugh – it can't tell if you're seventeen or not! "
"But I don't think anyone under seventeen stands a chance," Hermione said, "we just haven't learned enough..."
“Speak for yourself,” George said shortly.  "You're going to try to get in, aren't you, Harry?"
Harry thought briefly about Dumbledore's insistence that no one under seventeen submit their name, but then the wonderful image of himself winning the Triwizard Tournament filled his mind again. ... He wondered how angry Dumbledore would be if someone under seventeen found a way to exceed the age limit.
"Where is he?" said Ron, not listening to a word of this conversation, but looking through the crowd to see what had become of Krum.  "Dumbledore hasn't said where the people of Durmstrang sleep, has he?"
But this question received an almost instantaneous answer; they were now at the level of the Slytherin table, and Karkaroff had just rushed towards his students.
“So, let’s go back to the ship,” he said. "Viktor, how are you feeling? Have you eaten enough? Should I send for some mulled wine to the kitchen?"
Harry saw Krum shake his head as he put his furs back on.  “Professor, I like the vine,” said one of the other Durmstrang boys.
“I wasn’t offering it to you, Poliakoff,”» Karkaroff snapped, his warmly paternal air disappearing in an instant. “I notice you dripped food down the front of your dress again, disgusting boy-”
Karkaroff turned and led his students towards the doors, reaching them at exactly the same time as Harry, Ron and Hermione.  Harry stopped to let him go first.
“Thank you,” Karkaroff said casually, glancing at him.  And then Karkaroff froze.  He turned his head towards Harry and looked at him as if he couldn't believe his eyes.  Behind their principal, the Durmstrang students also stopped.  Karkaroff's eyes slowly moved up Harry's face and fixed on his scar.  The Durmstrang students also looked at Harry curiously.  Out of the corner of his eye, Harry saw understanding dawn on some of their faces.  The boy with food all over his forehead pushed the girl next to him and pointed openly at Harry's forehead.
"Yeah, it's Harry Potter," said a rumbling voice behind them.
Professor Karkaroff turned around. Mad-Eye Moody stood there, leaning heavily on his staff, his magical eye staring unblinking at the headmaster of Durmstrang.
The color drained from Karkaroff's face as Harry looked at him.  A terrible look mixed with fury and fear invaded him.
"You!" » he said, looking at Moody as if he wasn't sure he really saw him.
"Me," Moody said grimly. "And unless you have something to say to Potter, Karkaroff, you might want to move." You block the door.
It was true; Half the students in the room were now waiting behind them, looking over each other's shoulders to see what was causing the robbery.
Without another word, Professor Karkaroff took his students with him.  Moody watched him until he was out of sight, his magical eye fixed on his back, a look of intense loathing on his mutilated face.

Since the next day was Saturday, most students would normally have eaten breakfast late. Harry, Ron and Hermione, however, weren't the only ones getting up much earlier than they usually did on weekends.  When they went down to the entrance hall, they saw about twenty people milling around, some eating toast, all examining the Goblet of Fire.  He had been placed in the center of the room on the stool that normally held the Sorting Hat.  A thin golden line had been drawn on the ground, forming a ten-foot circle in all directions.
“Has anyone registered their name yet?”  » Ron asked impatiently to a third year girl.
“All Durmstrang,” she replied. "But I haven't seen anyone from Hogwarts yet."
"I bet some of them put it on last night after we all went to bed," Harry said.  "I would have if it had been me...I wouldn't have wanted everyone to watch. What if the goblet had swallowed you again?"
Someone laughed behind Harry.  Turning around, he saw Fred, George, and Lee Jordan hurrying down the stairs, all three looking extremely excited.
"It's done," Fred said in a triumphant whisper to Harry, Ron and Hermione. “I just took it.”
"What?" Ron said.
“The Aging Potion, dungbrains,” Fred said.
“A drop each,” George said, rubbing his hands happily.  “We only need a few more months.”
"We'll split the thousand Galleons between the three of us if one of us wins," Lee said, smiling widely.
"I'm not sure this is going to work, you know," Hermione said warningly. "I'm sure Dumbledore will have thought of that."
Fred, George and Lee ignored him.
"Ready?"  » Fred said to the other two, quivering with excitement. "Come on, then - I'll go first -"
Harry watched, fascinated, as Fred pulled out a piece of parchment from his pocket bearing the words Fred Weasley – Hogwarts.  Fred walked to the edge of the line and stood there, rocking on his tiptoes like a diver preparing for a fifty-foot fall. Then, with everyone in the lobby staring at him, he took a deep breath and crossed the line.
For a split second Harry thought it had worked - George certainly thought so, because he let out a cry of triumph and jumped after Fred - but the next moment there was a loud crackle, and both twins were thrown out of the golden circle even though they were thrown by an invisible shot putter.  They landed painfully, ten feet away, on the cold stone floor, and to add insult to injury, there was a loud pop, and both grew identical long white beards.
The entrance hall echoed with laughter.  Even Fred and George joined us, once they stood up and took a good look at everyone's beards.
"I warned you," a deep, amused voice said, and everyone turned to see Professor Dumbledore exiting the Great Hall.  He looked at Fred and George, his eyes sparkling. "I suggest you go see Madam Pomfrey. She's already looking after Miss Fawcett, from Ravenclaw, and Mr. Summers, from Hufflepuff, who have both decided to get a little older too. Although I have to say that none of their beards are as beautiful as yours."
Fred and George leave for the hospitalTal Wing, accompanied by Lee, who was howling with laughter, and Harry, Ron and Hermione, also laughing, came in for breakfast.
The decorations in the Great Hall had changed this morning. As it was Halloween, a cloud of live bats floated around the enchanted ceiling, while hundreds of carved pumpkins peered out from every corner.  Harry led the way to Dean and Seamus, who were discussing which Hogwarts students aged seventeen or older might enter.
"There's a rumor going around that Warrington got up early and put his name down," Dean told Harry.  "That big Slytherin guy who looks like a sloth."
Harry, who had played Quidditch against Warrington, shook his head in disgust.
"We can't have a Slytherin champion!"
"And all the Hufflepuffs talk about Diggory," Seamus said scornfully.  "But I wouldn't have thought he'd want to risk his good looks."
"Listen!" » Hermione said suddenly.
People were clapping in the lobby.  They all swiveled in their seats and saw Angelina Johnson enter the room, smiling in an embarrassed manner.  A tall black girl who played Chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch team, Angelina walked up to them, sat down and said, "Well, I did it! Just put my name in !”
“Are you kidding me!” Ron said, looking impressed.
“So you’re seventeen?” Harry asked.
"Of course she is, we don't see a beard, do we?" Ron said.
“I celebrated my birthday last week,” Angelina said.
"Well, I'm glad someone from Gryffindor is coming in," Hermione said. “I really hope you understand, Angelina!”
"Thank you, Hermione," Angelina said, smiling at her.
Yeah, better you than pretty boy Diggory, Seamus said, causing several Hufflepuffs passing their table to scowl.
“So what are we going to do today?”  Ron asked Harry and Hermione when they had finished their breakfast and left the Great Hall.
"We haven't gone to visit Hagrid yet," Harry said.
"Okay," Ron said, "as long as he doesn't ask us to give the skrewts a few fingers."
A look of great excitement suddenly appeared on Hermione's face.
"I just realized I haven't asked Hagrid to join SPEW yet!"  » she said quickly. “Wait for me, will you, while I go upstairs to get the regalia?”
“What’s happening to him?”  Ron said, exasperated, as Hermione fled down the marble staircase.
"Hey, Ron," Harry said suddenly. "It's your friend..."
Beauxbatons students were arriving through the front gates from the grounds, among them the veela girl.  Those gathered around the Goblet of Fire stepped back to let them pass, watching impatiently.
Madame Maxime entered the hall behind her students and organized them into a line. One by one, the Beauxbatons students crossed the age limit and threw their pieces of parchment into the blue-white flames.  As each name entered the fire, it briefly turned red and gave off sparks.
“What do you think will happen to those who aren’t chosen?”  Ron muttered to Harry as the Veela dropped her scroll into the Goblet of Fire.  "Do you think they'll go back to school or stay to watch the tournament?"
"I don't know," Harry said.  “Wait, I guess... Madame Maxime stays to judge, right?”
 When all the Beauxbatons students had submitted their names, Madame Maxime led them out of the room and back onto the field.
“So where do they sleep?”  Ron said, walking towards the front doors and staring at them.
A loud clicking noise behind them announced Hermione's reappearance with the box of S.P.E.W. badges.
"Oh well, hurry up," Ron said, and descended the stone steps, keeping his eyes on the back of the veela, who was now halfway across the lawn with Madame Maxime.
As they approached Hagrid's cabin on the edge of the Forbidden Forest, the mystery of the Beauxbaton sleeping quarters was solved.  The gigantic powder blue car they had arrived in was parked two hundred meters from Hagrid's front door, and the students were getting back inside.  The elephantine flying horses that had pulled the carriage were now grazing in a makeshift enclosure nearby.
Harry knocked on Hagrid's door, and Fang's loud barks were answered instantly.
" It was time ! » said Hagrid, when he had opened the door.  “I thought you forgot where I live!”
"We've been very busy, witch -" Hermione started to say, but stopped short, looking up at Hagrid, seemingly at a loss for words.
Hagrid wore his best (and very horrible) brown furry suit, along with a yellow and orange checkered tie.  But that wasn't the worst; he had obviously tried to tame his hair, using copious amounts of what appeared to be axle grease.  It was now slicked back into two clumps – perhaps he had tried a ponytail like Bill's, but found he had too much hair. The look didn't really suit Hagrid. For a moment, Hermione stared at him wide-eyed, then, obviously deciding not to comment, she said, "Um – where are the skrewts."
“Near the pumpkin patch,” said Hagrid.Fortunately.  "They're getting huge, they must be almost a meter long now. The problem is they've started killing each other."
“Oh no, really?”  » Hermione said, casting a repressive look at Ron, who, staring at Hagrid's strange hairstyle, had just opened his mouth to say something about it.
"Yeah," Hagrid said sadly. "It's okay, though, I have them in separate boxes now. I still have about twenty."
"Well, that's lucky," Ron said. Hagrid didn't hear the sarcasm. 
Hagrid's cabin consisted of a single room, in one corner of which was a gigantic bed covered with a patchwork quilt.  An equally enormous wooden table and chairs sat in front of the fire, beneath the quantity of cured hams and dead birds hanging from the ceiling.  They sat at the table while Hagrid began to prepare tea, and were soon immersed in another discussion about the Triwizard Tournament.  Hagrid seemed just as excited as they were.
“Wait,” he said, smiling.  "Just wait. You're going to see things you've never seen before. The first task...ah, but I'm not supposed to tell you that."
“Go ahead, Hagrid!” Harry, Ron and Hermione urged him, but he just shook his head and smiled.
"I don't want to ruin everything for you," Hagrid said.  "But it's going to be spectacular, I'll tell you that. These champions are going to have their work cut out for them. I never thought I'd live to see the Triwizard Tournament again!"
They ended up having lunch with Hagrid, although they didn't eat much – Hagrid had made what he said was a beef casserole, but after Hermione dug up a large claw in hers, she, Harry and Ron rather lost their appetite.  However, they had fun trying to get Hagrid to tell them what the tournament tasks would be, speculating which of the participants were likely to be selected as champions, and wondering if Fred and George were still hairless.
A light rain had begun to fall mid-afternoon; It was very comfortable to sit by the fire, listening to the soft patter of the drops on the window, watching Hagrid mend his socks and chatting with Hermione about the house elves - because he absolutely refused to join the S.P.E.W. when she showed him her badges.
"It would hurt them, Hermione," he said gravely, threading a huge bone needle with thick yellow thread.  "It's in their nature to take care of humans, it's what they love, you see? You'd make them unhappy by taking away their jobs, and you'd insult them if you tried to pay them."
“But Harry freed Dobby, and he was over the moon!”  Hermione said.  “And we heard he’s asking for a salary now!”
"Yeah, well, there are weirdos in every race. I'm not saying there isn't the odd elf who would take liberty, but you'll never persuade most of them to do so - no, nothing to do, "Hermione."
Hermione looked really upset and put her box of badges back into her cloak pocket.
By half past five, darkness was falling and Ron, Harry and Hermione decided it was time to return to the castle for the Halloween party – and, more importantly, the announcement of the school champions.
 "I'll come with you," Hagrid said, putting away his mending.  “Just give us a second.”
Hagrid got up, walked over to the chest of drawers next to his bed and started looking inside for something.  They didn't pay much attention to it until a truly horrible smell reached their nostrils.  Coughing, Ron said, "Hagrid, what is that?"
"Eh ?" Hagrid said, turning around with a large bottle in his hand.  “You don’t like it?”
“Is that aftershave?” Hermione said in a slightly muffled voice.
"Uh... cologne," Hagrid muttered.  He was blushing.
“Maybe that’s a little too much,” he said gruffly.  "I'll take it off, wait..."
He staggered out of the cabin and they saw him washing vigorously in the barrel of water outside the window.
"Cologne?" Hermione said in surprise. “Hagrid?”
“And what’s with that hair and costume?” Harry said in a low voice.
"Look!" Ron said suddenly, pointing to the window. Hagrid had just stood up and turned around.  If he had blushed before, it was nothing compared to what he was doing now. Getting up very carefully, so that Hagrid wouldn't spot them, Harry, Ron and Hermione looked out the window and saw that Madame Maxime and the Beauxbatons students had just gotten out of their car, clearly about to leave for the feast. Also. They couldn't hear what Hagrid was saying, but he was speaking to Madam Maxime with a delighted, misty expression that Harry had only ever seen him wear once before – when he was looking at the baby dragon, Newt.
 “He’s going up to the castle with her!”  Hermione said indignantly.  “I thought he was waiting for us!”
Without even glancing back at his cabin, Hagrid trudged through the gardens with Madame Maxime, the Beaux-batons students following in their wake, jogging to match their enormous strides.
"He loves it!"  Ron said incredulously.  "Well, if they end up having kids, they'll set a world record - I betany one of their babies would weigh about a ton. »
They exited the cabin and closed the door behind them.  It was surprisingly dark outside.  Pulling their coats tighter around them, they headed toward the sloping lawns.
“Ooh, it’s them, look!” » Hermione whispered.
Durmstrang's group was walking towards the castle from the lake. Viktor Krum walked side by side with Karkaroff, and the other Durmstrang students trailed behind them.  Ron looked at Krum excitedly, but Krum didn't look around as he reached the front doors a little before Hermione, Ron and Harry and walked through them.
When they entered the candlelit Great Hall, it was almost full.  The Goblet of Fire had been moved; he now stood in front of Dumbledore's empty chair at the staff table. Fred and George – clean-shaven again – seemed to have taken their disappointment quite well.
"I hope it's Angelina," Fred said as Harry, Ron and Hermione sat down.
"Me too!"  Hermione said breathlessly.  “Well, we’ll find out soon!”
The Halloween party seemed to last much longer than usual.  Perhaps because it was their second feast in two days, Harry didn't seem to enjoy the extravagantly prepared food as much as he normally would have.  Like everyone else in the room, judging by the constantly craned necks, the impatient expressions on every face, the restlessness, and the standing up to see if Dumbledore had finished eating yet, Harry just wanted the plates to be empty and hear who had eaten. been selected as champions.
Finally, the golden plates returned to their original impeccable state; There was a sharp increase in the noise level in the room, which died down almost instantly when Dumbledore stood up.  On either side of him, Professor Karkaroff and Madame Maxime looked as tense and impatient as anyone.  Ludo Bagman beamed and winked at various students. Mr Crouch, however, looked quite indifferent, almost bored.
"Well, the goblet is almost ready to make its decision," Dumbledore said. "I estimate that this requires another minute. Now, when the names of the champions are called, I will ask them to go up to the top of the room, walk past the teachers' table and move on to the next room" - he pointed the door behind the teachers' table - "where they will receive their first instructions".
He took out his wand and made a big sign with it; immediately, all the candles, except those inside the carved pumpkins, went out, plunging them into a state of darkness.  The Goblet of Fire now glowed brighter than anything else in the entire room, the brilliant blue whiteness of the flames almost painful to the eyes. Everyone was watching, waiting. . . . A few people continued to check their watches. . .
"Any second," Lee Jordan whispered, two seats away from Harry.
 The flames inside the goblet suddenly turned red again.  Sparks began to fly from it. The next moment a tongue of flame burst into the air, a charred piece of parchment came out - the whole room gasped.
Dumbledore grabbed the piece of parchment and held it at arm's length, so he could read it in the light of the flames, which had turned blue-white again.
“The champion of Durmstrang,” he read loudly and clearly, “shall be Viktor Krum.”
“No surprises! » Ron shouted as a storm of applause and cheers swept the room. Harry saw Viktor Krum get up from the Slytherin table and lean towards Dumbledore; he turned right, walked past the staff table and disappeared through the door into the next room.
“Well done, Viktor!” » Karkaroff growled, so loud that everyone could hear him, even over all the applause.  “I knew you had it in you!”
The applause and discussions calmed down.  Now everyone's attention was once again focused on the cup, which, a few seconds later, turned red again.  A second piece of parchment burst out, propelled by the flames.
"The champion of Beauxbatons," said Dumbledore, "is Fleur Delacour!"
"It's her, Ron!"  Harry shouted as the girl who looked so much like a Veela stood up gracefully, shook her sheet of silvery blonde hair and walked between the Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff tables.
"Oh look, they're all disappointed," Hermione said over the noise, nodding towards the rest of the Beauxbatons party.  Disappointed was an understatement, Harry thought.  Two of the unselected girls burst into tears and sobbed with their heads on their arms.
When Fleur Delacour also disappeared into the side room, silence fell again, but this time it was a silence so stiff with excitement that you could almost taste it.  The Hogwarts champion next...
And the Goblet of Fire became red again; sparks were coming out; The tongue of flame shot high into the air, and from its end Dumbledore pulled the third piece of parchment.
"The Hogwarts champion," he called, "it's Cedric Diggory!"
"No!" Ron said loudly, but no one heard him except Harry; the tumult comingm, the next table was too big.  All the Hufflepuffs had jumped to their feet, shouting and stomping, as Cedric passed them, smiling widely, and headed towards the room behind the staff table.  Indeed, the applause for Cedric lasted so long that it was some time before Dumbledore could be heard again.
"Excellent!" » Dumbledore called happily as the tumult finally died down.  "Well, we now have our three champions. I'm sure I can count on all of you, including the remaining students of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, to give your champions whatever support you can. By cheering for your champion, you contribute in a very real way..."
But Dumbledore suddenly stopped speaking, and everyone understood what had distracted him.
The fire in the cup had just turned red again. Sparks were coming out of it. A long flame suddenly burst into the air, and carried on it was another piece of parchment.
Automatically, it seemed, Dumbledore reached out a long hand and grasped the 
parchment.  He held it out and looked at the name written on it.  There was a long pause, during which Dumbledore looked at the paper in his hands, and everyone in the room looked at Dumbledore.  And then Dumbledore cleared his throat and read - "Harry Potter."

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN - THE FOUR CHAMPIONS

		Harry sat there, aware that every head in the Great Hall had turned to him.  He was stunned.  He felt numb.  He was probably dreaming.  He hadn't heard correctly.
		There was no applause.  A buzzing sound, like that of angry bees, began to fill the room; Some students stood up to get a better look at Harry as he sat frozen in his seat.
		At the top table, Professor McGonagall had stood up and walked past Ludo Bagman and Professor Karkaroff to whisper urgently to Professor Dumbledore, who strained his ear towards her, frowning slightly.
		Harry turned to Ron and Hermione; beyond them he saw the long table of Gryffindors staring at him, mouths agape.
		"I didn't put my name in," Harry said matter-of-factly. “You know you don’t.”
		They both looked back with the same blank stare.
		At the top table, Professor Dumbledore had straightened up, nodding at Professor McGonagall.
		“Harry Potter!”  he called back.  "Harry! Here, please!"
		"Keep going," Hermione whispered, nudging Harry lightly.
		Harry stood up, stepped on the hem of his robes and stumbled slightly.  He bridged the gap between the Gryffindor and Hufflepuff tables.  It felt like a very long walk; the top table didn't seem to be getting any closer at all, and he could feel hundreds and hundreds of eyes fixed on him, as if each one of them was a spotlight.  The buzzing was getting louder and louder.  After what seemed like an hour, he found himself right in front of Dumbledore, feeling all the professors' eyes on him.
		"Well... go through the door, Harry," Dumbledore said. He wasn't smiling.
		Harry walked along the staff table.  Hagrid was sitting at the far end.  He didn't wink at Harry, or wave, or do any of his usual greetings.  He looked completely surprised and looked at Harry as he walked past like everyone else.  Harry walked through the door to the Great Hall and found himself in a smaller room, lined with paintings of witches and wizards.  A beautiful fire was burning in the fireplace in front of him.
		The faces of the portraits turned towards him as he entered.  He saw a shriveled witch walk out of his picture frame and into the one next to it, which contained a wizard with a walrus mustache.  The wizened witch began to whisper in his ear.
Viktor Krum, Cédric Diggory and Fleur Delacour were grouped around the fire.  They looked strangely impressive, silhouetted against the flames. Krum, hunched and sullen, was leaning against the fireplace, slightly apart from the other two.  Cedric stood with his hands behind his back, looking at the fire.  Fleur Delacour looked around as Harry entered and tossed back his long lock of silver hair.
"What is this?"  she says.  “Do they want us back in the Hall?”
She thought he had come to deliver a message.  Harry didn't know how to explain what had just happened.  He stood there, looking at the three champions.  He was struck by their large size.
There was a sound of rushing footsteps behind him and Ludo Bagman entered the room. He took Harry by the arm and led him forward.
"Extraordinary!"  » he muttered, squeezing Harry's arm.  "Absolutely extraordinary! Gentlemen...madam", he added, approaching the corner of the fire and addressing the three others.  “May I present to you – incredible as it may seem – the fourth champion of the Triwizards?
Viktor Krum stood up.  His sullen face darkened as he looked at Harry.  Cedric looked disconcerted.  He looked from Bagman to Harry and back again, as if he was sure he had misheard what Bagman had said.  Fleur Delacour, however, shook her hair smiling and said: "Oh, a very funny joke,Meester Bagman.”
"Joke?" Bagman repeated, disconcerted.  "No, no, not at all! Harry's name just came out of the Goblet of Fire!"
Krum's thick eyebrows twitched slightly.  Cedric still looked politely disconcerted. Fleur frowned.
“But obviously zair’ was a mistake,” she said scornfully to Bagman.  "E can't compete. 'E's too young."
"Well... that's amazing," Bagman said, rubbing his smooth chin and smiling at Harry.  "But, as you know, the age limit was only imposed this year as an extra safety precaution. And since his name came out of the cup...I mean, I don't think he can There is no dodging at this stage. It's within the rules, you have to do your best.
The door behind them opened again and a large group of people entered: Professor Dumbledore, followed closely by Mr. Crouch, Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime, Professor McGonagall, and Professor Snape. Harry heard the buzz of hundreds of students on the other side of the wall, before Professor McGonagall closed the door.
“Madame Maxime! » Fleur immediately said, heading towards her director.  “Zey says this little boy has to compete too!”
Somewhere, beneath Harry's numb disbelief, he felt a surge of anger.  Boy?
Madame Maxime had stood up to her full height and considerable size.  The top of her beautiful head brushed against the chandelier filled with candles and her gigantic black satin chest swelled.
“What does zis mean, Dumbly-dorr? » she said imperiously.  "I would prefer to know it myself, Dumbledore," said Professor Karkaroff.  He wore a steely smile and his blue eyes were like shards of ice.  "Two Hogwarts champions? I don't remember anyone telling me that the host school was allowed two champions - or did I not read the rules carefully enough?"
He gave a short, wicked laugh.
“It’s impossible,” said Madame Maxime, whose enormous hand with multiple and superb opals rested on Fleur’s shoulder.  "Ogwarts can't have two champions. It's very unfair."
"We were under the impression that your age limit would prevent younger applicants from entering, Dumbledore," Karkaroff said, his steely smile still in place, although his eyes were colder than ever.  “Otherwise, we obviously would have brought in a larger selection of applicants from our own schools.”
"It's no one's fault but Potter's, Karkaroff," Snape said softly.  His black eyes shone with mischief.  "Don't blame Dumbledore for Potter's determination to break the rules. He's been crossing the line since he got here -"
 "Thank you, Severus," Dumbledore said firmly, and Snape fell silent, although his eyes still glowed malevolently through his curtain of greasy black hair.
Professor Dumbledore was now looking at Harry, who was looking back at him, trying to make out the expression in the eyes behind the half-moon glasses.
"Did you put your name in the Goblet of Fire, Harry?"  » he asked calmly.
"No," Harry said.  He was very aware that everyone was watching him closely.  Snape made a slight noise of impatience and disbelief from the shadows.
“Did you ask an older student to put it in the Goblet of Fire for you?” » said Professor Dumbledore, ignoring Snape.
"No," Harry said vehemently.
“Ah, but of course he’s lying!”  cried Madame Maxime.  Snape was now shaking his head, his lips curling.
"He couldn't have crossed the age limit," Professor McGonagall said dryly.  "I'm sure we can all agree on that -"
“Bête-dorr must have taken the wrong line,” said Madame Maxime, shrugging her shoulders.
"It's possible, of course," Dumbledore said politely.
"Dumbledore, you know perfectly well that you didn't make a mistake!" » Professor McGonagall said angrily.  "Really, what nonsense! Harry couldn't have crossed the line himself, and since Professor Dumbledore doesn't think he persuaded an older student to do it for him, I'm sure that should be enough to everybody !"
She gave Professor Snape a very angry look.
"Mr. Crouch...Mr. Bagman," Karkaroff said, his voice smooth once more, "you are our - er - objective judges. Surely you will agree that this is very irregular?"
Bagman wiped his round, childish face with his handkerchief and looked at Mr. Crouch, who stood outside the firelit circle, his face half-hidden in the shadows.  He looked slightly ominous, the dim light making him appear much older, almost giving him a skull-like appearance.  However, when he spoke, it was in his usual short voice.
“We have to follow the rules, and the rules clearly state that people whose names come up in the Goblet of Fire are required to participate in the tournament.”
“Well, Barty knows the rules inside and out,” Bagman said, beaming and turning to Karkaroff and Madame Maxime, as if the matter was now closed.
“I insist on resubmitting the names of the rest of my students,” Karkaroff said. He had now dropped his smooth tone and his smile.  His face was indeed very ugly.  "You will defineMove up the Goblet of Fire and we'll keep adding names until each school has two champions.  That's right, Dumbledore. »
“But Karkaroff, it doesn’t work like that,” Bagman said.  "The Goblet of Fire has just gone out - it won't come back on until the next tournament starts -"
"- which Durmstrang will certainly not participate in!" Karkaroff exploded. "After all our meetings, negotiations and compromises, I didn't expect something of this nature to happen! I half want to leave now!"
“Meaningless threat, Karkaroff,” a voice growled near the door.  "You can't leave your champion now. He must compete. They all must compete. A binding magical contract, as Dumbledore said. Convenient, eh?"
Moody had just entered the room.  He limped toward the fire, and with every straight step he took, there was a loud thud.
"Practical?" Karkaroff said.  "I'm afraid I don't understand you, Moody."
Harry could tell he was trying to sound dismissive, as if what Moody was saying was barely worth his attention, but his hands betrayed him; they clenched their fists.
"Is not it ?" » Moody said softly. "It's very simple, Karkaroff. Someone put Potter's name in this goblet knowing he would have to compete if it came to light."
"Obviously someone wanted to give Hogwarts two bites of the apple!" said Madame Maxime.
“I completely agree, Madame Maxime,” said Karkaroff, greeting her. "I will file a complaint with the Ministry of Magic and the International Confederation of Wizards -"
"If anyone has a reason to complain, it's Potter," Moody grumbled, "but... it's funny... I don't hear him say a word...
“Why should I complain?” burst out Fleur Delacour, stamping her foot. "It's a chance to compete, isn't it? We've all been hoping to be chosen for weeks and weeks! Honor for our schools! A thousand galleons in prize money - it's a chance many would want ." die for!”
"Maybe someone hopes Potter will die for this," Moody said, with the slightest trace of a growl.
An extremely tense silence followed these words. Ludo Bagman, who looked very anxious indeed, jumped to his feet nervously and said, "Moody, old man...what a thing to say!"
"We all know that Professor Moody considers the morning wasted unless he has discovered six plots to assassinate him before lunchtime," Karkaroff said loudly.  “Apparently he is now teaching his students to also fear assassination. An odd quality in a Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, Dumbledore, but you undoubtedly had your reasons.
“I imagine things, don’t I?”  Moody growled.  "Seeing things, huh? It was a talented witch or wizard who put the boy's name in that goblet. . .
“Ah, what proof is zero of zat?” said Madame Maxime, raising her enormous hands.
“Because they cheated on a very powerful magic item!”  Moody said.  "It would have taken an exceptionally strong Confusion Charm to make this goblet forget that only three schools are participating in the tournament... I guess they submitted Potter's name under a fourth school, to make sure he was the only one in the tournament.
"You seem to have given this a lot of thought, Moody," said Karkaroff coolly, "and it's a very ingenious theory - although, of course, I've heard that you recently got it into your head that one of your birthday presents contained a cleverly disguised basilisk egg, and broke it into pieces before realizing it was a carriage clock.
"There are those who will turn innocent opportunities to their advantage," Moody retorted in a menacing voice.  "It's my job to think like dark wizards do, Karkaroff - as you must remember...
“Alastor! » Dumbledore said warningly.  Harry wondered for a moment who he was talking to, but then realized that "Mad-Eye" could hardly be Moody's real name.  Moody fell silent, while observing Karkaroff with satisfaction – Karkaroff's face was burning.
"How this situation came to be, we do not know," Dumbledore said, addressing everyone gathered in the room.  "It seems to me, however, that we have no choice but to accept it. Cedric and Harry have both been chosen to participate in the Tournament. So that is what they will do. . .
"Ah, but Dumblely-dorr -"
“My dear Madame Maxime, if you have an alternative, I would be delighted to hear it.”
Dumbledore waited, but Madame Maxime didn't speak, she just glared at him.  She wasn't the only one either.  Snape looked furious; Karkaroff furious; Bagman, however, looked pretty excited.
“Well, shall we continue, then?”  » he said, rubbing his hands and smiling into the room.  "We have to give our champions their instructions, don't we? Barty, do you want to do the honors?"
Mr. Crouch seemed to emerge from a deep reverie.
"Yes," he said, "instructions. Yes...the first task..."
He stepped forward into the light of the fire.  Up close, Harry thought he looked sick.  There were dark shadows under his eyes and thin paper toilets.k about his wrinkled skin that hadn't been there during the Quidditch World Cup.
"The first task is designed to test your boldness," he said to Harry, Cedric, Fleur and Viktor, "so we're not going to tell you what it is. Courage in the face of the unknown is a quality important in a wizard.
“The first test will take place on November 24, in front of the other students and the jury.
"Champions are not permitted to request or accept assistance of any kind from their teachers in completing tournament tasks. Champions will face the first challenge armed only with their wand. They will receive bonuses information about the second task when the first is completed. Due to the demanding and time-consuming nature of the tournament, the champions are exempt from the end-of-year tests.
Mr. Crouch turned to look at Dumbledore.
"I think that's it, isn't it, Albus?"
"I think so," said Dumbledore, who was looking at Mr. Crouch with slight concern. "Are you sure you wouldn't like to stay at Hogwarts tonight, Barty?"
"No, Dumbledore, I must return to the Ministry," Mr. Crouch said.  "It's a very busy and difficult time at the moment... I've left young Weatherby in charge... Very enthusiastic... a little too enthusiastic, actually. . .
“Will you come for a drink before you go, at least?”  Dumbledore said.
“Come on, Barry, I’ll stay!” » said Bagman cheerfully.  "It's all happening at Hogwarts now, you know, it's much more exciting here than at the office!"
 "I don't think so, Ludo," Crouch said with a touch of his old impatience.
“Professor Karkaroff – Madame Maxime – one last drink?” Dumbledore said.
But Madame Maxime had already put her arm around Fleur's shoulders and was quickly leading her out of the room.  Harry could hear them speaking very quickly in French as they entered the Great Hall.  Karkaroff gestured to Krum, and they too went out, although in silence.
"Harry, Cedric, I suggest you go to bed," Dumbledore said, smiling at them both. "I'm sure Gryffindor and Hufflepuff are waiting to party with you, and it would be a shame to deprive them of this excellent excuse to make a lot of mess and noise."
Harry glanced at Cedric, who nodded, and they left together.
The Great Hall was deserted now; the candles were dim, giving the pumpkins' irregular smiles an eerie, flickering quality.
“So,” Cedric said with a slight smile. “We’re playing against each other again!”
"I suppose so," Harry said.  He really couldn't think of anything to say.  The inside of his head felt in disarray, as if his brain had been trashed.
"So tell me. . ." » Cedric said as they reached the entrance hall, which was now only lit by torches in the absence of the Goblet of Fire.  “How did you write your name?”
"I didn't," Harry said, looking at him. "I didn't put it on. I was telling the truth."
 “Ah… okay,” Cedric said.  Harry could tell Cedric didn't believe him.  “Well… see you later, then.”
Instead of going up the marble staircase, Cedric walked towards a door to his right.  Harry listened to him descend the stone steps beyond, then, slowly, he began to climb the marble ones.
Would anyone besides Ron and Hermione believe him, or would they all think he had entered the tournament?  But how could anyone think that, when he found himself facing competitors who had received three years more magical education than he - when he now found himself faced with tasks that not only seemed very dangerous, but which had to be accomplished in front of hundreds of people? people?  Yes, he had thought about it. . . he had fantasized about it... but it was really a joke, a sort of vain dream. . . he had never really, seriously considered entering. .
But someone else had thought of it. . . someone else had wanted him in the tournament and made sure he was entered.  For what?  To give him a treat?  He didn't mean it, somehow...
See him make a fool of himself?  Well, they were likely to get their wish. .
But to get him killed?
Was Moody just being his usual paranoid self?  Couldn't someone have put Harry's name in the goblet as a trick, a prank?  Did anyone really want him dead?
Harry was able to answer immediately.  Yes, someone wanted him dead, someone had wanted him dead since he was a year old. . . Lord Voldemort.  But how could Voldemort have ensured that Harry's name appeared in the Goblet of Fire?  Voldemort was supposed to be far away, in a distant land, hidden, alone. . . weak and helpless...
However, in that dream he had, just before waking up with his painful scar, Voldemort was not alone. . . he had spoken to Wormtail... plotting Harry's murder.
Harry was shocked to find himself already facing the Fat Lady.  He barely noticed where his feet were taking him.  It was also a surprise to see that she was not alone in her frame.  The wizened witch who slipped into her neighbor's painting when heI joined the champions downstairs and was now sitting smugly next to the Fat Lady.  She had to cross every table bordering seven flights of stairs to get here before him.  She and the Fat Lady looked at him with the keenest interest.
"Well, well," said the Fat Lady, "Violet just told me everything. Who was just chosen as school champion, then?"
"Balderdash," Harry said dully.
“That’s definitely not the case!” said the pale witch indignantly.
"No, no, Vi, that's the password," the Fat Lady said soothingly, and she turned on her hinges to let Harry into the common room.
The explosion of noise that hit Harry's ears as the portrait opened almost made him fall backwards.  The next moment, he was being pulled into the common room by a dozen pairs of hands, and he was facing the entire Gryffindor house, who were shouting and clapping and whistling.
“You should have told us you came in!”  bellowed Fred; he looked half bored, half deeply impressed.
"How did you manage without having a beard? Awesome!"  George roared.
 "I didn't," Harry said.  "I do not know how -"
But Angelina had now rushed at him; "Oh, if it couldn't be me, at least it's a Gryffindor -"
“You can pay Diggory back for that last Quidditch match, Harry!”  » shouted Katie Bell, another of the Gryffindor Chasers.
"We have food, Harry, come and eat some -"
"I'm not hungry, I've had enough at the feast -"
But no one wanted to hear that he wasn't hungry; no one wanted to hear that he hadn't put his name in the cup; Not a single person seemed to notice that he wasn't in the mood to party at all. . . . Lee Jordan had found a Gryffindor banner somewhere, and he insisted on wrapping it around Harry like a cape.  Harry couldn't escape; Every time he tried to sneak up to the stairs leading to the dorms, the crowd around him closed in, forcing another butterbeer on him, shoving chips and peanuts into his hands. . . . Everyone wanted to know how he did it, how he fooled Dumbledore's age line and managed to get his name in the goblet...
“I didn’t do it,” he said again and again, “I don’t know how it happened.”
But for all the attention everyone was paying, he might as well not have responded at all.
"I'm tired!" » he finally bellowed, after almost half an hour.  “No, seriously, George – I’m going to bed –”
He wanted more than anything to find Ron and Hermione, to regain some sanity, but neither of them seemed to be in the common room.  Insisting that he needed to sleep, and nearly flattening the little Creevey brothers as they tried to stop him at the foot of the stairs, Harry managed to shake everyone off and run up to the dormitory as quickly as possible. he could.
To his relief, he found that Ron was lying on his bed in the otherwise empty dormitory, still fully dressed.  He looked up when Harry slammed the door behind him.
"Where were you?" » Harry said.
"Oh hello," Ron said.
He smiled, but it was a very strange and strained smile.  Harry suddenly realized that he was still carrying the scarlet Gryffindor banner that Lee had tied around him.  He hastened to remove it, but the knot was very tight.  Ron lay still on the bed, watching Harry struggle to get it off.
"So," he said, when Harry had finally removed the banner and tossed it in the corner. "Congratulations."
“What do you mean, congratulations?” Harry said looking at Ron.  There was definitely something wrong with the way Ron smiled: it was more of a grimace.
"Well...no one else has crossed the age limit," Ron said.  “Not even Fred and George. What did you use – the invisibility cloak?
"The invisibility cloak wouldn't have let me cross that line," Harry said slowly.
"Oh, that's right," Ron said. "I thought you might have told me if it was the cloak...because it would have covered us both, right?" But you found another way, didn't you?
"Look," Harry said, "I didn't put my name in that goblet. Someone else must have done it."
Ron raised his eyebrows.
“Why would they do that?”
"I don't know," Harry said. He thought it would sound very melodramatic to say, “To kill me.”
Ron's eyebrows rose so high they were in danger of disappearing into his hair.
“It’s okay, you know, you can tell me the truth,” he said.  "If you don't want everyone to know, fine, but I don't know why you bother lying, you didn't get in trouble for that, did you?" This friend of the Fat Lady, this Violette. , she already told us that Dumbledore was letting you in. A price of a thousand galleons, huh? And you don't have to take end-of-year tests either.
“I didn’t put my name in that cup!” Harry said, starting to feel angry.
"Yeah, right," Ron said, in exactly the same skeptical tone as Cedric.  "Only you said this morning that you would have done it last night, and that no one would have seen you... I'm not stupid, you know."
"You're making a very good impression of it," Harry said dryly.
"Yeah?" said Ron, aThere was no trace of a smile, forced or otherwise, on his face now.  "You want to go to bed, Harry. I guess you'll have to get up early tomorrow for a photo shoot or something."
He closed the drapes around his four-poster bed, leaving Harry standing by the door, staring at the dark red velvet curtains, now hiding one of the few people he was sure would believe him.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN - THE WEIGHING OF THE BAGUETTES

		When Harry woke up Sunday morning, it took him a moment to remember why he felt so unhappy and worried.  Then the memory of the previous night came back to him.  He sat up and tore the curtains off his own four-poster bed, intending to talk to Ron, to force Ron to believe him - only to discover that Ron's bed was empty; he had obviously gone down to have breakfast.
		Harry got dressed and walked down the spiral staircase to the common room. The moment he appeared, the people who had already finished breakfast cheered again.  The prospect of going down to the Great Hall and facing the rest of the Gryffindors, all treating him like some sort of hero, was not appealing; But it was that, or stay here and be cornered by the Creevey brothers, both of whom were frantically beckoning for him to join them. He walked resolutely towards the portrait hole, opened it, came out and found himself face to face with Hermione.
		“Hello,” she said, holding up a stack of toast she was carrying in a napkin.  “I brought you this... Do you want to go for a walk?”
"Good idea," Harry said gratefully.
They descended the stairs, walked quickly through the entrance hall without looking at the Great Hall, and soon crossed the lawn towards the lake, where the ship Durmstrang was docked, reflected blackly in the water.  It was a cool morning, and they kept moving, munching on their toast, while Harry told Hermione exactly what had happened after leaving the Gryffindor table the night before.  To his immense relief, Hermione accepted his story without question.
“Well, of course, I knew you didn't come in yourself,” she said when he had finished telling her about the scene in the room next to the Hall.  "The look on your face when Dumbledore read your name! But the question is, who put it? Because Moody is right, Harry... I don't think any student could have done it... he would never have been able to cheat the Cup, or overcome Dumbledore's - "
"Have you seen Ron?" Harry interrupted.
Hermione hesitated.
“Um...yes...he was at breakfast,” she said.
"Does he still think I came in myself?"
"Well... no, I don't think so... not really," Hermione said awkwardly.
		"What do you mean, 'not really'?"
		"Oh Harry, isn't that obvious?" » said Hermione in despair. "He is jealous !"
		"Jealous?" » Harry said incredulously.  "Jealous of what? He wants to make a fool of himself in front of the whole school, doesn't he?"
"Look," Hermione said patiently, "it's always you who gets all the attention, you know that. I know it's not your fault," she added quickly, seeing Harry furiously opening the door. mouth.  "I know you're not asking... but - well - you know, Ron has all these brothers to compete against at home, and you're his best friend, and you're really famous - he always gets sent back to on the one hand every time people see you, and he puts up with it, and he never talks about it, but I guess it's just one time too many.
"Great," Harry said bitterly.  "Really great. Tell him for me that I'll trade whenever he wants. Tell him for me that he's welcome... People gawk at me everywhere I go. . ."
"I'm not telling him anything," Hermione said shortly.  "Tell him yourself. It's the only way to fix this."
“I’m not chasing after him to try to make him grow up!”  Harry said, so loudly that several owls in a nearby tree took flight in alarm.  "Maybe he'll think I'm not having fun once my neck is broken or-"
"It's not funny," Hermione said softly. “It’s not funny at all.”  She looked extremely anxious.  "Harry, I've been thinking - you know what we need to do, don't you? Right away, as soon as we get back to the castle?"
“Yeah, give Ron a good kick for –”
"Write to Sirius. You need to tell him what happened. He asked you to keep him informed of everything that happens at Hogwarts. . . . It's almost as if he expected this for something like this to happen I brought parchment and a quill with me -"
"Stop," Harry said, looking around to make sure they couldn't be heard, but the field was pretty deserted.  "He came back home just because my scar was pulling. He'll probably barge into the castle if I tell him someone entered me into the Triwizard Tournament -"
		"He would like you to tell him," Hermione said sternly.  “He’s going to find out anyway.”
		"How?"
		"Harry, this isn't going to stay quiet," Hermione said very seriously.  "This tournament is famous, and you are famous. I will really besurprised if there's nothing in the Daily Prophet about your competition. . . . You're already halfway through the You-Know-Who books, you know... and Sirius would rather hear it from you, I know he would.
		"Okay, okay, I'll write him," Harry said, throwing his last piece of toast into the lake. They both stood and watched him float there for a moment, before a large tentacle came out of the water and pulled him beneath the surface.  Then they returned to the castle.
		“Which owl will I use? » Harry said as they walked up the stairs. “He told me not to use Hedwig anymore.”
		"Ask Ron if you can borrow -"
		"I'm not asking Ron anything," Harry said flatly.
		"Well, borrow one of the school owls, then everyone can use them," Hermione said.
		They went up to the Aviary. Hermione gave Harry a piece of parchment, a quill, and a bottle of ink, then wandered around the long rows of perches, looking at all the different owls, while Harry sat against a wall and wrote his letter.

Dear Sirius,
You told me to keep up to date with what's going on at Hogwarts, so here you go - I don't know if you heard, but the Triwizard Tournament is happening this year and on Saturday night I was chosen fourth champion. I don't know who put my name in the Goblet of Fire, because I didn't.  The other Hogwarts champion is Cedric Diggory, from Hufflepuff.

		He stopped at this point, thinking. He wanted to say something about the enormous weight of anxiety that seemed to have settled in his chest since last night, but he didn't know how to put it into words, so he simply plunged his pen back into it. bottle of ink and wrote,
		I hope you are well, and Buckbeak - Harry
	 
"It's over," he told Hermione, standing up and brushing the straw from her dress.  At this, Hedwig dropped onto his shoulder and held out her leg.
		"I can't use you," Harry told him, looking for the school owls.  “I have to use one.”
		Hedwig hooted loudly and ran away so abruptly that her claws cut her shoulder.  She kept her back to Harry the whole time as he tied her letter to the leg of a large barn owl.  When the barn owl flew away, Harry reached out to pet Hedwig, but she slammed her beak furiously and flew toward the rafters out of reach.
		"First Ron, then you," Harry said angrily.  "It's not my fault."
If Harry had thought that things would get better once everyone got used to the idea of ​​him being champion, the next day showed him just how wrong he was.  He couldn't avoid the rest of the school once he returned to class – and it was clear that the rest of the school, as well as the Gryffindors, thought Harry had entered the tournament himself.  Unlike the Gryffindors, however, they didn't seem impressed.
The Hufflepuffs, who were usually on excellent terms with the Gryffindors, had been remarkably cold towards them all.  A lesson in herbology was enough to demonstrate this.  It was obvious that the Hufflepuffs thought Harry had stolen their champion's glory; a feeling exacerbated, perhaps, by the fact that Hufflepuff House very rarely achieved glory, and Cedric was one of the few to ever give them any, having beaten Gryffindor once at Quidditch.  Ernie Macmillan and Justin FinchFletchley, with whom Harry normally got on very well, did not speak to him even though they were potting bouncing bulbs on the same tray - although they laughed rather obnoxiously when one of the bouncing bulbs broke free of Harry's grip and punched him hard in the face.  Ron wasn't talking to Harry either.  Hermione sat between them, having a very forced conversation, but even though they both responded normally, they avoided making eye contact.  Harry thought that even Professor Sprout seemed distant to him – but hey, she was the head of Hufflepuff House.
He would have looked forward to seeing Hagrid under normal circumstances, but Caring for Magical Creatures also meant seeing the Slytherins – the first time he would come face to face with them since becoming champion.
As expected, Malfoy arrived at Hagrid's cabin with his familiar sneer firmly in place.
"Ah, look, boys, he's the champion," he said to Crabbe and Goyle the moment he was within earshot of Harry.  "You have your autograph books? Better get a signature now, because I doubt he'll be here much longer...Half the Triwizard champions are dead...how long do you think you'll Will you hold on, Potter? Ten minutes after the start of the first task, that's my bet.
Crabbe and Goyle burst out laughing, but Malfoy had to stop there, because Hagrid emerged from the back of his cabin balancing on a teetering tower of crates, each containing a very large Skrewt with an explosive end.  To the horror of the class, Hagrid explained that the reason the skrewts had killed each other was excess pent-up energy, and that the solution would be for each student to attach a leash to a skrewt and hold it for a short period.to walk.  The only good thing about this plan was that it completely distracted Malfoy.
“Walk around with that thing? » he repeated with disgust, staring at one of the boxes.  "And where exactly are we supposed to attach the leash? Around the stinger, the explosive end, or the suction cup?"
“Go through the middle,” Hagrid said, demonstrating.  "Um... maybe you should put on your dragonhide gloves, just as an extra precaution, like. Harry - you come here and help me with this big...
Hagrid's true intention, however, was to alienate Harry from the rest of the class. He waited until everyone else had left with their skrewts, then turned to Harry and said, very seriously, "So... you're competing, Harry. In the tournament. School champion."
"One of the champions," Harry corrected him.
Hagrid's beetle-black eyes looked very anxious beneath his wild brows.
"No idea who put you in this, Harry?"
“You think I didn’t do it, then?” » said Harry, with difficulty concealing the surge of gratitude he felt at Hagrid's words.
 "Of course it is," Hagrid groaned.  "Yeah, say it was you, and I believe it was - and Dumbledore believes you, and everything."
"I wish I knew who did it," Harry said bitterly.
Both looked at the lawn; the class was now very dispersed and all in great difficulty.  The skrewts were now over a meter long and extremely powerful.  No longer shellless and colorless, they had developed a sort of thick, grayish and shiny armor.  They looked like a cross between giant scorpions and elongated crabs – but still without recognizable heads or eyes.  They had become extremely strong and very difficult to control.
"Looks like they're having fun, don't they?"  » Hagrid said happily.  Harry assumed he was talking about skrewts, because his classmates certainly weren't; every now and then, with an alarming noise, one end of the skrewt would explode, sending it forward several meters, and more than one person would be dragged on their stomachs, desperately trying to get back on their feet.
"Ah, I don't know, Harry," Hagrid suddenly sighed, looking at him with a worried expression on his face.  "School champion... everything seems to be going well for you, right?"
Harry didn't answer. Yes, everything seemed to happen to him. . . That was more or less what Hermione had said while they were walking around the lake, and that was the reason, she believed, why Ron didn't talk to her anymore.

The next few days were some of the worst Harry had experienced at Hogwarts.  The closest he had ever felt had been during those months in second year when much of the school had suspected him of attacking his classmates.  But Ron was on his side then.  He thought he could have dealt with the behavior of the rest of the school if he could have just had Ron as a friend, but he wasn't going to try to persuade Ron to talk to him if Ron didn't want to.  Nevertheless, he felt alone and aversion invaded him from all sides.
He could understand the Hufflepuff attitude, even if he didn't like it; they had their own champion to support.  He expected nothing less than vicious insults from the Slytherins – he was very unpopular there and always had been, because he had helped Gryffindor beat them so many times, both in Quidditch and at the Inter Championship. Houses.  But he had hoped that the Ravenclaws would have found in their hearts the necessary support as much as Cedric.  But he was wrong.  Most Ravenclaws seemed to think that he had been desperate to gain a little more fame by tricking the Goblet into accepting his name.
Then there was the fact that Cedric looked much more like a champion than he did.  Exceptionally handsome, with his straight nose, dark hair and gray eyes, it was hard to tell who was more admired these days, Cedric or Viktor Krum.  Harry actually saw the same sixth year girls who were so eager to get Krum's autograph begging Cedric to sign their schoolbags one lunchtime.
Meanwhile, there was no response from Sirius, Hedwig refused to go near him, Professor Trelawney predicted his death with even more certainty than usual, and he was doing so poorly at summoning spells in Professor Flitwick's class that he was given extra homework - the only person to have it, apart from Neville.
"It's really not that difficult, Harry," Hermione tried to reassure him as they left Flitwick's class - she was zooming objects around the room throughout her lesson, as if she was some sort of strange magnet for board dusters and wastebaskets. , and lunoscopes.  "You just weren't concentrating properly -"
"I wonder why," Harry said darkly as Cedric Diggory walked by, surrounded by a large group of simpering girls, all of whom looked at Harry as if he were a particularly large Skrewt.  “Still – too bad, eh? Double potions to look forward to this afternoon…”
Double Potions was always a horrible experience, butThe days that followed were nothing short of torture.  Being locked in a dungeon for an hour and a half with Snape and the Slytherins, who all seemed determined to punish Harry as much as possible for daring to become school champion, was the most unpleasant thing Harry could imagine.  He'd already struggled through a Friday, with Hermione sitting next to him intoning 'ignore them, ignore them, ignore them' under her breath, and he didn't see why today should be any better.
When he and Hermione arrived at Snape's dungeon after lunch, they found the Slytherins waiting outside, each of them wearing a large insignia on the front of their robes.  For a crazy moment, Harry thought they were S.P.E.W. badges - then he saw that they all bore the same message, in bright red letters that shone brightly in the dimly lit underpass:

SUPPORT CÉDRIC DIGGORY--
THE TRUE CHAMPION OF Hogwarts!

"Like them, Potter?" » Malfoy said loudly as Harry approached.  “And that’s not all they do – look!”
 He pressed his badge to his chest, and the message on it disappeared, to be replaced by another one, which glowed green:

POTTER STINKS!

The Slytherins howled with laughter.  Each of them pressed their badges as well, until the message POTTER STINKS shone brightly around Harry.  He felt heat rise to his face and neck.
"Oh, that's very funny," Hermione said sarcastically to Pansy Parkinson and her gang of Slytherin girls, who were laughing louder than anyone else, "really witty."
Ron stood against the wall with Dean and Seamus.  He wasn't laughing, but he wasn't defending Harry either.
"Want one, Granger?"  Malfoy said, handing Hermione a badge.  " I have plenty of them. But don't touch my hand now. I just washed it, you see; I don't want a Mudblood to make her lose weight.
Some of the anger Harry had been feeling for days and days seemed to burst through a dam in his chest.  He grabbed his wand before thinking about what he was doing.  All around them, people hurriedly moved aside and backed into the hallway.
“Harry! » Hermione said warningly.
"Then go on, Potter," Malfoy said softly, drawing his own wand. "Moody isn't here to look after you now – do it, if you have the courage –"
For a split second, they looked into each other's eyes, then, at exactly the same moment, both acted.
“Funnunculus!”  Harry shouted.
		“Densaugeo! » Malfoy shouted.
		 Jets of light shot from both wands, hitting each other in the air and ricocheting around angles - Harry's hit Goyle in the face and Malfoy's hit Hermione.  Goyle bellowed and brought his hands to his nose, where large ugly boils were arising – Hermione, moaning in panic, held her mouth.
		“Hermione! »
		Ron had rushed to see what was wrong with her; Harry turned and saw Ron remove Hermione's hand from his face.  It wasn't a pretty sight.  Hermione's front teeth – already larger than average – were now growing at an alarming rate; she looked more and more like a beaver as her teeth grew longer, passing from her lower lip, towards her chin - panicked, she felt them and uttered a cry of terror.
		“And what’s all this noise for?” said a soft, deadly voice.
		Snape had arrived.  The Slytherins shouted for explanations; Snape pointed a long yellow finger at Malfoy and said, "Explain."
		"Potter attacked me, sir-"
		“We attacked each other at the same time!”  Harry shouted.
		"- and he hit Goyle - look -"
		Snape examined Goyle, whose face now looked like something out of a book about poisonous mushrooms.
		"Hospital wing, Goyle," Snape said calmly.
		"Malfoy got Hermione!" » Ron said. "Look!"
He forced Hermione to show Snape her teeth – she was doing her best to hide them with her hands, although it was difficult as they had now grown past her cervix.  Pansy Parkinson and the other Slytherin girls were doubled over in silent laughter, pointing at Hermione behind Snape's back.
Snape looked at Hermione coldly, then said, "I don't see any difference."
Hermione let out a moan; her eyes filled with tears, she turned on her heel and ran, running all the way down the hall and out of sight.
Maybe it was lucky that Harry and Ron started yelling at Snape at the same time; Fortunately their voices echoed so much in the stone corridor, because in this confused din it was impossible for him to hear exactly what they were calling him.  However, he understood the essentials.
“Let’s see,” he said in his silkiest voice.  "Fifty points down for Gryffindor and one detention each for Potter and Weasley. Now get inside, or it'll be a week's worth of detentions."
Harry's ears were ringing.  The injustice made him want to curse Snape into a thousand gooey pieces.  He passed Snape, walked with Ron to the back of the dungeon and placed his bag on the table.  Ron was shaking with anger as well – for a moment it was like everything was back to normal between them, but then Ron turned and sat with Dean and Seamus.announces, leaving Harry alone at his table.  On the other side of the dungeon, Malfoy turned his back on Snape and pressed his badge, smirking. POTTER STINKS crossed the room once more.
Harry sat there, watching Snape as the lesson began, imagining horrible things happening to him. . . . If only he knew how to cast the Cruciatus Curse. . . he would have Snape flat on his back like that spider, shaking and twitching.
“Antidotes!” Snape said, looking around at them all, his cold black eyes gleaming unpleasantly. "You should all have your recipes ready by now. I want you to prepare them carefully, and then we'll select someone to test one on. . ."
Snape's eyes met Harry's, and Harry knew what was coming.  Snape was going to poison him.  Harry imagined picking up his cauldron, running to the front of the class and bringing it down on Snape's greasy head. And then a knock on the dungeon door burst into Harry's thoughts.
It was Colin Creevey; He entered the room, beaming at Harry, and walked towards Snape's desk at the front of the room.
"Yes?" » Snape said dryly.
"Please sir, I'm supposed to take Harry Potter upstairs."  Snape stared with his hooked nose at Colin, whose smile faded from his impatient face.
"Potter still has an hour of potions to finish," Snape said coldly.  “He’ll come up when this class is over.”
Colin turned pink.
"Sir...sir, Mr. Bagman wants it," he said nervously.  "All the champions have to leave, I think they want to take photos..."
Harry would have given everything he had to stop Colin from saying those last words.  He glanced half a glance at Ron, but Ron was staring determinedly at the ceiling.
"Very good, very good," Snape retorted.  "Potter, leave your things here, I want you to come back here later to test your antidote."
“Please, sir, he has to take his things with him,” Cohn squealed.  "All champions..."
"Alright!" Snape said.  "Potter – grab your bag and get out of my sight!"
 Harry slung his bag over his shoulder, stood up and walked towards the door.  As he walked through the Slytherin offices, POTTER STINKS flashed him in all directions.
"It's amazing, isn't it, Harry?" Colin said, starting to speak just as Harry had closed the dungeon door behind him.  "Right, though? You're champion?"
"Yeah, really amazing," Harry said heavily as they headed towards the steps of the entrance hall.  “Why do they want photos, Colin?”
"The Daily Prophet, I think!"
"Great," Harry said dully.  "Exactly what I need. More publicity."
"Good luck!" » Colin said when they arrived in the right room.  Harry knocked on the door and entered.
He was in a fairly small classroom; most of the desks had been pushed to the back of the room, leaving a large space in the middle; but three of them had been placed end to end in front of the painting and covered with a long piece of velvet.  Five chairs had been placed behind the velvet-covered desks, and Ludo Bagman was sitting on one of them, talking to a witch Harry had never seen before, who wore magenta robes.
Viktor Krum stood as usual in a corner, sullen, and spoke to no one. Cédric and Fheur were talking.  Fheur looked much happier than Harry had seen her so far; she kept throwing her head back so that her long silver hair reflected the light.  A paunchy man, holding a large black camera that was smoking slightly, observed Fleur out of the corner of his eye.
Bagman suddenly spotted Harry, quickly stood up and leapt forward.
 "Ah, here he is! Champion number four! In you come, Harry, in you come...nothing to worry about, it's just the wand weighing ceremony, the rest of the judges will be here in a moment -"
“Wand that weighs?” Harry repeated nervously.
"We need to verify that your wands are fully functional, no problems, you know, because these are your most important tools for the tasks ahead," Bagman said.  "The expert is upstairs now with Dumbledore. And then there's going to be a little photoshoot. This is Rita Skeeter," he added, pointing to the witch in the magenta dress.  "She's doing a little article on the tournament for the Daily Prophet..."
"Maybe not so little, Ludo," Rita Skeeter said, her eyes fixed on Harry.
Her hair was curled in elaborate, oddly stiff ringlets that contrasted strangely with her heavy-jawed face.  She wore jeweled glasses.  The thick fingers gripping her crocodile skin purse ended in two-inch studs, painted crimson.
"I wonder if I could have a quick word with Harry before we begin?"  she said to Bagman, while staring at Harry.  "The youngest champion, you know... to add a little color?"
"Certainly!" cried Bagman. "That's true... if Harry doesn't mind?"
"Um…" Harry said.
"Charming," Rita Skeeter said, and in a second, her scarlet-heeled fingers had Harry's upper arm in a surprisingly strong grip, and she was guiding him out of the room again and opening a nearby door.
"We don't want to be in there with all thisnoise,” she said. “Let’s see. . . ah, yes, it’s nice and comfortable.”
It was a broom closet.  Harry looked at her.
“Come on, darling – that’s right – lovely,” Rita Skeeter said again, perching precariously on an overturned bucket, pushing Harry onto a cardboard box and closing the door, throwing them into the darkness.  “Let’s see now.”
She unzipped her crocodile skin purse and took out a handful of candles, which she lit with a flick of her wand and sent magically into the air, so they could see what they were doing.
"Would you mind, Harry, if I use a quick quote quill? That leaves me free to talk to you normally..."
"A what?" Harry said.
Rita Skeeter's smile widened.  Harry counted three gold teeth.  She reached into her crocodile bag again and pulled out a long acid green quill and a roll of parchment, which she spread between them on a crate of Mrs. Skower's all-purpose magic damage. She put the tip of the green quill in her mouth, sucked on it for a moment with apparent pleasure, then placed it upright on the parchment, where it balanced on its tip, quivering slightly.
"Tests... my name is Rita Skeeter, reporter for the Daily Prophet."
Harry quickly grabbed onto the quill. As Rita Skeeter spoke, the green quill began to scribble, sliding across the parchment:

The pretty blonde Rita Skeeter, forty-three years old, whose wild pen has shattered many exaggerated reputations - 

“Nice,” Rita Skeeter said again, and she tore off the first piece of parchment, crumpled it up, and stuffed it into her purse.  Now she leaned towards Harry and said, "So, Harry… what made you decide to enter the Triwizard Tournament?"
"Um -" Harry repeated, but he was distracted by the quill.  Even though he didn't speak, he ran across the parchment, and in his wake he made out a new sentence:

An ugly scar, a reminder of a tragic past, disfigures the otherwise charming face of Harry Potter, whose eyes... 

"Ignore the quill, Harry," Rita Skeeter said firmly.  Reluctantly, Harry looked up at her.  "Now why did you decide to enter the tournament, Harry?"
"I didn't," Harry said.  "I don't know how my name got into the Goblet of Fire. I didn't put it in there."
Rita Skeeter raised a strongly drawn eyebrow.
"Come on, Harry, there's no need to worry about getting into trouble. We all know you really shouldn't have come in at all. But don't worry about that. Our readers are a rebel."
"But I didn't go in," Harry repeated.  "I do not know who -"
“What do you think of the tasks ahead of you? » said Rita Skeeter.  "Excited? Nervous?"
"I haven't really thought about it... yeah, nervous, I guess," Harry said.  His insides squirmed uncomfortably as he spoke.
“Champions have died in the past, haven’t they?”  » Rita Skeeter said sharply.  “Have you ever thought about that?”
"Well...they say it'll be a lot safer this year," Harry said.
The quill whistled across the parchment between them, back and forth as if skating.
"Of course, you've already looked death in the face, haven't you?"  » said Rita Skeeter, observing him carefully.  “How would you say it affected you? »
"Um," Harry said again.
"Do you think the trauma from your past might have made you want to prove yourself? To live up to your name? Do you think you may have been tempted to enter the Triwizard Tournament because - "
"I didn't come in," Harry said, starting to feel irritated.  
“Do you remember your parents?”  » Rita Skeeter said, speaking over him.
"No," Harry said.
"How do you think they would feel if they knew you were participating in the Triwizard Tournament?" Proud ? Worried ? Angry ?
Harry was feeling really bored now.  How the hell could he know how his parents would feel if they were alive?  He could feel Rita Skeeter watching him very carefully.  Frowning, he avoided her gaze and clung to the words that the pen had just written:

Tears fill his surprisingly green eyes as our conversation turns to the parents he barely remembers.

“I do NOT have tears in my eyes!”  » Harry said out loud.
Before Rita Skeeter could say a word, the door to the broom closet opened.  Harry looked around, blinking in the bright light.  Albus Dumbledore stood there, looking at them both, squashed into the closet.
“Dumbledore! cried Rita Skeeter, with every appearance of joy - but Harry noticed that his quill and the parchment had suddenly disappeared from the box of Magical Mess Remover, and Rita's clawed fingers were hastily closing the clasp of her cowhide bag. crocodile.  "How are you doing?" she said, standing up and holding out one of her large masculine hands to Dumbledore.  “I hope you saw my article this summer about the International Confederation of Wizards Conference?
"Wicked enchantment," Dumbledore said, his eyes sparkling. “I particularly appreciated your description of me as an obsolete dingbat.”
Rita Skeeter didn't look fazed.
"I was just mI point out that some of your ideas are a little old-fashioned, Dumbhedore, and that many wizards on the street -"
"I will be delighted to hear the reasoning behind this rudeness, Rita," said Dumbledore, with a courteous bow and a smile, "but I am afraid we will have to discuss the matter later. The weighing of the wands is on the point of ending begins, and this cannot happen if one of our champions is hidden in a broom cupboard.
Very happy to get away from Rita Skeeter, Harry rushed into the room.  The other champions were now seated in chairs near the door, and he quickly sat down next to Cedric, holding onto the velvet-covered table, where four of the five judges were now seated - Professor Karkaroff, Madame Maxime , Mr. Crouch, and Ludo Bagman.  Rita Skeeter sat in a corner; Harry watched as she took the parchment out of her bag again, spread it across her knee, sucked the tip of the quick quote quill, and placed it once more on the parchment.
“May I introduce you to Mr. Ollivander?”  » Dumbledore said as he took his place at the judges' table and spoke to the champions.  “He will check your chopsticks to make sure they are in good condition before the tournament.”
 Harry turned around and, with a start of surprise, saw an old wizard with large, pale eyes standing quietly by the window.  Harry had met Mr. Ollivander before – he was the wand maker from whom Harry had purchased his own wand over three years ago in Diagon Alley.
“Miss Delacour, could we have you first, please?” said Mr. Ollivander as he entered the empty space in the middle of the room.
Fleur Delacour walked over to Mr. Olhivander and handed him her wand.
“Hmm…” he said.
He twirled the wand between his long fingers like a stick and it gave off a number of pink and gold sparks.  Then he brought it to his eyes and examined it carefully.
"Yes," he said softly, "nine and a half inches... inflexible... rosewood... and containing... my dear self..."
"A look from a veela's face," Fleur said.  “One of my grandmothers.”
So Fleur was part Veela, Harry thought, making a mental note to tell Ron. . . then he remembered that Ron wasn't talking to him.
"Yes," said Mr. Ollivander, "yes, I've never used veela hair myself, of course. I find it makes rather finicky wands...however, to each their own, and if that suits you..."
Mr. Ollivander ran his fingers along the wand, apparently checking for scratches or dents; then he muttered: “Orchid!”  and a bouquet of flowers springs from the tip of the wand.
"Very good, very good, it works perfectly," Mr. Ollivander said, picking up the flowers and handing them to Fleur with his wand.  "Mr. Diggory, you're next."
Fleur returned to her seat, smiling at Cedric as he passed her. 
“Ah, now he’s one of mine, isn’t he?” said Mr. Ollivander, with much more enthusiasm, as Cedric handed him his wand.  "Yes, I remember it well. Containing a single hair from the tail of a particularly fine male unicorn... must have had seventeen hands; he almost gored me with his horn after I tore off his tail. Twelve and a quarter inches. . pleasantly springy.
“I polished it last night,” Cedric said, smiling.
Harry clutched his own wand.  He could see fingerprints everywhere.  He picked up a handful of dress from his knee and tried to clean it surreptitiously.  Several golden sparks flew from its tip.  Fleur Delacour gave him a very condescending look and he refrained.
Mr. Ollivander sent a stream of silver smoke rings across the room from the tip of Cedric's wand, declared himself satisfied, then said, "Mr. Krum, please."
Viktor Krum stood and leaned, round-shouldered and duck-footed, toward Mr. Ollivander.  He took out his wand and stood scowling, hands in the pockets of his robes.
“Hmm,” said Mr. Olhivander, “this is a creation of Gregorovitch, unless I am very much mistaken? An excellent wand maker, although the style is never quite what I... However..."
He raised the wand and examined it carefully, turning it over and over before his eyes.
"Yes...charm and dragon heart string?"  he shot Krum, who nodded.  "Rather thicker than what we usually see... quite stiff... ten and a quarter inches... Opinion!"
The hornbeam wand fired a shot and a number of small chirping birds flew out the end and through the open window into the watery sunlight.
"Good," Mr. Ollivander said, handing Krum back his wand.  "Which leaves...Mr. Potter."
Harry stood up and walked past Krum to Mr. Ollivander.  He handed her his wand.
“Aaaah, yes,” Mr. Ohlivander said, his pale eyes suddenly shining.  "Yes, yes, yes. As I remember it well."
Harry remembered it too.  He remembered it like it happened yesterday...
Four summers ago, on his eleventh birthday, he had gone into Mr. Ollivander's shop with Hagrid to buy a wand.  Mr. Ollivander had taken his measurements and then started handing him chopsticks to try.  HHarry had waved around what seemed like every wand in the store, until he finally found the right one - this one, which was made of holly, was eleven inches long and contained a single tail feather of a phoenix.  Mr. Ollivander had been very surprised that Harry was so compatible with this wand.  "Curious," he had said, "curious," and it was only when Harry asked what was curious that Mr. Olhivander explained that the phoenix feather in Harry's wand came from the same bird that had provided the core of that of Lord Voldemort.
Harry had never shared this information with anyone.  He loved his wand very much, and as far as he was concerned, his relationship with Voldemort's wand was something he couldn't help – much like he couldn't help being linked to Aunt Petunia.  However, he really hoped that Mr. Ollivander wasn't going to bring it up in the room.  He had a funny feeling that Rita Skeeter's quick quote pen might explode with excitement if he did so.
 Mr. Ollivander spent far more time examining Harry's wand than anyone else's. Eventually, however, he sprung a fountain of wine from it and returned it to Harry, announcing that it was still in perfect condition.
"Thank you all," Dumbledore said, standing up at the judges' table. "You can return to your classes now - or perhaps it would be quicker to go down to dinner, since they are about to end -"
Feeling like something had finally gone right today, Harry got up to leave, but the man with the black camera jumped up and cleared his throat.
"Photos, Dumbledore, photos!"  exclaimed Bagman enthusiastically.  “All the judges and champions, what do you think, Rita?”
"Um... yeah, let's do those first," said Rita Skeeter, whose eyes were back on Harry. “And then maybe some individual shots.”
The photographs took a long time.  Madame Maxime threw everyone into shadow wherever she was, and the photographer couldn't get far enough back to get her into the frame; Eventually she had to sit down while everyone stood around her.  Karkaroff kept twirling his goatee around his finger to give it an extra curl; Krum, who Harry would have thought was used to this sort of thing, was sneaking, half-hidden, to the back of the group.  The photographer seemed more eager to put Fleur in front, but Rita Skeeter continued to hurry and pull Harry into greater visibility.  She then insisted that all the champions be photographed separately.  They were finally free to leave.
Harry went down to dinner.  Hermione wasn't there – he assumed she was still in the hospital wing getting her teeth fixed.  He ate alone at the end of the table, then returned to Gryffindor Tower, thinking about all the extra work he had to do on summoning spells.  In the dormitory he met Ron.
"You had an owl," Ron said abruptly as he entered. He pointed to Harry's pillow.  The school's barn owl was waiting for him there.
"Oh, that's right," Harry said.
"And we have to do our detention tomorrow night, in Snape's dungeon," Ron said.
He then walked straight out of the room, without looking at Harry.  For a moment, Harry considered pursuing him – he wasn't sure if he wanted to talk to him or hit him, both seemed quite attractive – but the lure of Sirius' response was too strong.  Harry walked over to the barn owl, took the letter from its paw and unrolled it.
	Harry - 
		I can't say everything I want in a letter, it's too risky
in case the owl is intercepted, we must speak face to face.  Can you make sure you are alone by the fire in Gryffindor Tower at one in the morning on November 22?
	I know better than anyone that you can take care of yourself and as long as you are with Dumbledore and Moody, I don't think anyone will be able to hurt you.  However, someone seems to have given it a good try. Registering for this tournament would have been very risky, especially under Dumbkdore's nose.
	Be on the lookout, Harry. I always want to hear about something unusual. Let me know by November 22 ASAP.
	Sirius


CHAPTER NINETEEN - THE HUNGARIAN CORNTAIL

		The prospect of speaking face to face with Sirius was all that sustained Harry over the next fortnight, the only bright spot on a horizon that had never seemed darker.  The shock of finding himself school champion had worn off slightly now, and the fear of what awaited him had begun to sink in. The first task was gradually approaching; he felt as if a horrible monster was crouching before him and blocking his way.  He had never suffered from such nerves; they were far beyond anything he had experienced before a Quidditch match, not even his last one against Slytherin, which had decided who would win the Quidditch Cup.  Harry found it hard to think about the future; he felt as if his whole life had been heading towards and would end with the first task.
Certainly, he didn't see how Sirius was going to help him feel better after living his life.I didn't want to perform unfamiliar, difficult and dangerous magic in front of hundreds of people, but just the sight of a friendly face would be something for the moment.  Harry wrote back to Sirius to tell him that he would be by the fire in the common room at the time Sirius suggested; and he and Hermione spent a lot of time thinking about plans to force all the stragglers out of the common room on the night in question.  If worst came to worst, they were going to drop a bag of Dungbombs, but they hoped they wouldn't have to resort to that – Filch would skin them alive.
Meanwhile, Harry's life was even worse within the castle grounds, because Rita Skeeter had published her article about the Triwizard Tournament, and it turned out that it wasn't so much a report on the tournament as a very colorful life story. of Harry. Much of the first page had been devoted to a photo of Harry; the article (continuing on pages two, six and seven) was all about Harry, the names of the champions of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang (misspelled) had been overwritten in the last line of the article, and Cedric had not at all been mentioned. .
The article had come out ten days ago, and Harry still felt a sinking, burning feeling of shame in his stomach every time he thought about it.  Rita Skeeter had reported him saying a lot of things he couldn't remember ever saying in his life, let alone in that broom closet.

I guess I get my strength from my parents.  I know they would be very proud of me if they could see me now. . . . Yes, sometimes at night I still cry because of them, I'm not ashamed to admit it. . . . I know nothing will hurt me during the tournament because they are looking out for me. . .

 But Rita Skeeter had gone even further than turning his "ums" into long, sickly sentences: she had also interviewed other people about him.

Harry finally found love at Hogwarts. His close friend, Colin Creevey, says that Harry is rarely seen in the company of one Hermione Granger, an incredibly pretty girl of Muggle descent who, like Harry, is one of the best students at the school.

From the moment the article had appeared, Harry had had to put up with people – Slytherins mostly – quoting it in passing and making sneering comments.
"Want a tissue, Potter, in case you start crying in Transfiguration?"
"How long have you been one of the best students in the school, Potter?" Or is it a school that you and Longbottom created together?
“Hey – Harry!”
"Yes, it's true!"  Harry found himself screaming as he turned into the hallway, having just had enough.  "I just cried about my mother who passed away, and I'm just going to do some more...
“No, it’s just that you dropped your pen.”
It was Cho.  Harry felt the color rise to his face.
“Oh, that’s right, sorry,” he muttered, picking up the quill again.
“Um...good luck Tuesday,” she said.  “I really hope you’re okay.” 
Which left Harry extremely stupid.
Hermione had also had her share of unpleasantness, but she hadn't yet started yelling at innocent bystanders; in fact, Harry was full of admiration for the way she handled the situation.
“Incredibly pretty?” She ?  Pansy Parkinson had screamed the first time she came face to face with Hermione after Rita's article appeared.  “What was she judging against – a chipmunk?”
"Ignore it," Hermione said in a dignified voice, holding her head in the air and walking past the Slytherin girls who were giggling as if she couldn't hear them. "Ignore it, Harry."
But Harry couldn't ignore it.  Ron hadn't spoken to him at all since he told him about Snape's detentions.  Harry had half-hoped they'd make things up during the two hours they were forced to pickle rat brains in Snape's dungeon, but that was the day Rita's article came out, which seemed to have confirmed Ron's belief that Harry was truly enjoying everything that was happening. attention.
Hermione was furious with both of them; she went from one to the other, trying to force them to talk, but Harry was adamant that he would only talk to Ron again if Ron admitted that Harry had not put his name in the Goblet of Fire and apologized for calling. him a liar.
"I didn't start this," Harry said stubbornly. “That’s his problem.”
"He misses you!"  » Hermione said impatiently.  "And I know he misses you -"
"I miss him?"  Harry said.  "I don't miss him...
But it was a downright lie.  Harry really liked Hermione, but she just wasn't the same as Ron.  There were lots of laughs and more in the library when Hermione was your best friend.  Harry still hadn't mastered summoning spells, he seemed to have developed some sort of hang-up about them, and Hermione insisted that learning the theory would help him.  So they spent a lot of time reading books at lunchtime.
Viktor Krum was also in the library very often, and Harry wondered what he was doing.  Was he studying or was he watchingg things to help him accomplish the first task?  Hermione often complained about Krum's presence – not that he bothered them – but because groups of laughing girls often came in to spy on him from behind the shelves, and Hermione found the noise distracting.
“He’s not even handsome!”  » she muttered angrily, looking at Krum's sharp profile. "They only like him because he's famous! They wouldn't look twice at him if he couldn't do that WonkyFaint thing -"
“Wronski Feint,” Harry said through gritted teeth.  Besides liking that the terms of Quidditch were correct, it gave him another pang to imagine Ron's expression if he could have heard Hermione talking about Wonky-Faints.

It's a strange thing, but when you fear something and would give anything to slow down time, it has the annoying habit of speeding up.  The days until the first task seemed to pass as if someone had set the clocks to run at double speed.  Harry's feeling of barely controlled panic accompanied him wherever he went, as omnipresent as the sarcastic comments on the Daily Prophet article.
On the Saturday before the first task, all students of third year and above were allowed to visit the village of Hogsmeade.  Hermione told Harry that it would do him good to get away from the castle for a bit, and Harry didn't need much persuasion.
"What about Ron, though?"  he said.  “You don’t want to come with him?”
"Too bad.. ."  Hermione turned slightly pink.  "I thought we could find him at the Three Broomsticks..."
"No," Harry said flatly.
“Oh Harry, that’s so stupid –”
"I'll come, but I won't meet Ron and I'm wearing my invisibility cloak."
"Oh, okay, then..." Hermione retorted, "but I hate talking to you in this cloak, I never know if I'm looking at you or not.
So Harry put on his invisibility cloak in the dormitory, went back downstairs, and together he and Hermione set off for Hogsmeade.
Harry felt wonderfully free under the cloak; he watched other students walk past them as they entered the village, most of them sporting Support Cedric Diggory!  badges, but no horrible remarks were made to him for a change, and no one cited this stupid article.
"People keep staring at me now," Hermione said sullenly as they walked out of the Honeydukes Sweetshop later, eating large cream-filled chocolates.  “They think I’m talking to myself.”
“Then don’t move your lips too much.”
“Come on, please, just take off your coat for a bit, no one is going to bother you here.”
"Oh yeah?" Harry said. “Look behind you.”
Rita Skeeter and her photographer friend had just left the Three Broomsticks pub.  Speaking in low voices, they passed right by Hermione without clinging to her.  Harry backed up against the Honeydukes wall to stop Rita Skeeter from hitting him with her crocodile skin purse.  When they were gone, Harry said, "She's staying in the village." I bet she's coming to assist with the first task.
As he said these words, his stomach filled with a searing wave of panic.  He didn't talk about it; he and Hermione hadn't discussed much about what was going to happen in the first task; he had the feeling she didn't want to think about it.
"She's gone," Hermione said, looking at Harry towards the end of the street. "Why don't we go have a butterbeer at the Three Broomsticks, it's a bit cold isn't it? You don't have to talk to Ron!"  she added irritably, correctly interpreting his silence.
The Three Broomsticks were filled, mostly with Hogwarts students enjoying their free afternoon, but also with a variety of magical people that Harry rarely saw elsewhere. Harry supposed that, as Hogsmeade was the only all-wizarding village in Britain, it was a bit of a haven for creatures like witches, who weren't as adept as wizards at disguising themselves.
It was very difficult to move through crowds with the invisibility cloak on, in case you accidentally stepped on someone, which tended to lead to awkward questions.  Harry slowly walked towards an empty table in the corner while Hermione went to buy drinks.  Walking through the pub, Harry spotted Ron, who was sitting with Fred, George and Lee Jordan.  Resisting the urge to give Ron a good hard hit to the back of the head, he finally reached the table and sat down.
Hermione joined him a moment later and slipped him a butterbeer under his cloak.
“I look like an idiot sitting here by myself,” she muttered. “Luckily I brought something to do.”
And she took out a notebook in which she had noted the activities of the S.P.E.W. members.  Harry saw his name and Ron's at the top of the very short list.  It seemed like a long time ago that they had sat down to make these predictions together, and Hermione had come along and made them secretary and treasurer.
"You know, maybe I should try to get some of the villagers involved in S.P.E.W.", Hermione said thoughtfully as she looked around the pub.
"Yeah, that's true," Harry said.  He took a sip of butterbeer under his cloak.  "Hermione, when are you going to give upIs that spit?”
“When house elves have decent wages and working conditions!”  » she hissed back. "You know, I'm starting to think it's time to take more direct action. I wonder how you get into the school kitchens?"
"No idea, ask Fred and George," Harry said.
Hermione fell into a thoughtful silence, while Harry drank his butterbeer, observing the people in the pub.  Everyone looked happy and relaxed.  Ernie Macmillan and Hannah Abbot were exchanging Chocolate Frog cards at a nearby table; both sporting Support Cedric Diggory! badges on their coats.  Right next to the door he saw Cho and a large group of his Ravenclaw friends.  But she didn't wear a Cédric badge. . . . This lifted Harry's morale ever so slightly.
What would he not have given to be one of those people, sitting around laughing and talking, with no worries other than their duties?  He imagined how he would have felt being here if his name hadn't come out of the Goblet of Fire.  He wouldn't wear the invisibility cloak, to begin with.  Ron would be sitting with him.  All three would probably be happy to imagine what a dangerous and deadly task the school's champions would face on Tuesday.  He would have been really looking forward to watching them do anything... cheering on Cédric with everyone else, from the safety of a seat at the back of the stands...
He wondered how the other champions were feeling.  Every time he'd seen Cedric recently, he'd been surrounded by admirers and looked nervous but excited.  Harry saw Fleur Delacour from time to time in the corridors; she looked exactly as she always did, haughty and unflappable.  And Krum sat in the library, poring over the books.
Harry thought of Sirius, and the tight, tense knot in his chest seemed to relax slightly.  He would speak to her in a little over twelve hours, as tonight was the night they would meet around the fire in the common room - assuming everything went well, as everything else had lately. .
“Look, it’s Hagrid!” Hermione said.
The back of Hagrid's huge, shaggy head – he had thankfully ditched his boots – emerged above the crowd.  Harry wondered why he hadn't spotted him right away, given that Hagrid was so tall, but as he stood up carefully, he saw that Hagrid had leaned lower, talking to Professor Moody.  Hagrid had his usual huge mug in front of him, but Moody was drinking from his flask.  Madame Rosmerta, the pretty hostess, did not seem to think much about it; she looked askance at Moody as she collected the glasses from the tables around them. Perhaps she thought it was an insult to her hot mead, but Harry knew better.  Moody had told them all during their last Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson that he preferred to prepare his own food and drinks at all times, because it was so easy for dark wizards to poison a cup without supervision.
As Harry watched, he saw Hagrid and Moody get up to leave.  He waved, then remembered that Hagrid couldn't see him.  Moody, however, stopped, his magical eye trained on the corner where Harry stood.  He patted Hagrid on the small of the back (unable to reach his shoulder), muttered something to him, then they both walked across the pub towards Harry and Hermione's table.
"Are you okay, Hermione?" » Hagrid said out loud.
"Hello," Hermione said, smiling back.
Moody limped around the table and bent over; Harry thought he was reading S.P.E.W. notebook, until he muttered, "Nice cloak, Potter."
Harry looked at him in astonishment.  The large missing chunk of Moody's nose was particularly obvious from a few inches away.  Moody smiled.
“Can your eye…I mean, can you…?”
"Yeah, he can see through invisibility cloaks," Moody said softly. “And it’s useful sometimes, I can tell you that.”
Hagrid beamed at Harry as well. Harry knew Hagrid couldn't see him, but Moody had obviously told Hagrid he was there.  Hagrid now leaned in under the guise of reading S.P.E.W. along with his notebook, and said in a whisper so low that only Harry could hear, "Harry, meet me at midnight tonight in my cabin. Put on this cloak."
Standing up, Hagrid said loudly, "Nice to see you again, Hermione", winked at her and left.  Moody followed him.
"Why does Hagrid want me to meet him at midnight?" » said Harry, very surprised.
"Is he?" Hermione said, looking surprised.  "I wonder what he's doing? I don't know if you should go, Harry. . . ."  She looked around nervously and hissed, "That might make you late for Sirius."
It was true that going down to Hagrid's at midnight would very well mean interrupting his meeting with Sirius; Hermione suggested sending Hedwig to Hagrid to tell him he couldn't go - always assuming she would agree to pick up the tab, of course - Harry, however, thought it best to be quick about what Hagrid wanted him. He was very curious to know what it could be; Hagrid had never asked Harry to visit him this late at night.
That evening, at half past eleven, Harry, who had pretended to go upstairs to beEarlier, he pulled the invisibility cloak on himself and headed back down the stairs through the common room. There were still quite a few people inside.  The Creevey brothers had managed to get their hands on a stack of Cedric Diggory Support!  badges and tried to bewitch them into saying Support Harry Potter! instead.  So far, though, all they'd managed to do was stick the badges on POTTER STINKS.  Harry slipped past them to the portrait hole and waited for about a minute, keeping an eye on his watch.  Then Hermione opened the Fat Lady from the outside as they had planned.  He walked past her, muttering “Thank you! » and head off through the castle.
The gardens were very dark.  Harry walked down the lawn towards the lights shining in Hagrid's hut.  The interior of the Beauxbatons' enormous car was also lit; Harry could hear Madame Maxime speaking inside as he knocked on Hagrid's front door.
"Are you there, Harry?"  » Hagrid whispered, opening the door and looking around.
"Yeah," Harry said, slipping inside the cabin and removing the cloak from his head. "What's new?"
"I need to show you a summary," Hagrid said.
There was an air of enormous enthusiasm about Hagrid.  He wore a flower in his buttonhole that looked like an oversized artichoke.  It looked like he'd given up on using axle grease, but he'd definitely tried combing his hair – Harry could see the broken teeth of the comb tangled in it.
“What are you showing me?” Harry said suspiciously, wondering if the skrewts had laid eggs, or if Hagrid had managed to buy another giant three-headed dog from a stranger in a pub.
“Come with me, shut up and cover yourself with this cloak,” said Hagrid. "We won't take Fang, he won't like it...
"Look, Hagrid, I can't stay long. . . . I have to be back at the castle at one o'clock -"
But Hagrid didn't listen; he opened the cabin door and walked away into the night.  Harry hurried after him and found, to his great surprise, that Hagrid was leading him to Beauxbatons' car.
"Hagrid, what -?"
“Shh!” » Hagrid said, and knocked three times on the door bearing the crossed golden wands.
Madame Maxime opened it.  She wore a silk shawl wrapped around her enormous shoulders.  She smiled when she saw Hagrid.
"Ah, 'Agrid...is it time?"
“Bong-sewer,” Hagrid said, beaming and holding out his hand to help him down the golden steps.
Madame Maxime closed the door behind her, Hagrid held out his arm, and they set off towards the edge of the paddock containing Madame Maxime's giant winged horses, with Harry, totally stunned, running to follow them. Had Hagrid wanted to show him Madame Maxime?  He could see her whenever he wanted... she wasn't really hard to miss....
But it looked like Madame Maxime was going to get the same treatment as Harry, because after a moment she said playfully, "Wair, are you taking me, 'Agrid?"
"You'll enjoy this," Hagrid said gruffly, "it's worth seeing, trust me. Just don't go telling anyone I showed it to you, don't aren’t you? You’re not supposed to know that.”
“Of course not,” said Madame Maxime, batting her long black eyelashes.
And still they walked, Harry growing more and more irritated as he ran in their wake, checking his watch every now and then.  Hagrid had a crazy plan in hand that could make him miss Sirius.  If they didn't get there soon, he would turn around, go straight back to the castle, and leave Hagrid to enjoy his moonlit walk with Madame Maxime.
But then – when they had wandered around the perimeter of the forest so far that the castle and lake were out of sight – Harry heard something. Men were shouting in front of them. . . then came a deafening, heartbreaking roar. . .
Hagrid led Madame Maxime around a grove of trees and stopped.  Harry rushed to their side – for a split second he thought he saw bonfires and men rushing around them – then his mouth fell open.
Dragons.
Four adult dragons, huge and vicious-looking, reared on their hind legs inside an enclosure fenced with thick wooden planks, roaring and snorting - torrents of fire spurting into the dark sky from their mouths open and covered in fangs, fifty feet above the ground. crushed on their outstretched necks.  There was a silver-blue one with long, sharp horns, snapping and snarling at the wizards on the ground; a green one with smooth scales, which twisted and stomped with all its might; a red one with a strange fringe of fine golden spikes around his face, which projected mushroom-shaped clouds of fire into the air; and a gigantic black one, more lizard-like than the others, who was closest to them.
At least thirty wizards, seven or eight for each dragon, attempted to control them, pulling on the chains connected to heavy leather straps around their necks and legs. Mesmerized, Harry looked up, high above him, and saw the black dragon's eyes, with vertical pupils like those of a cat, bulging with fear or rage, he couldI'm not saying which one. . . . It made a horrible noise, a screaming scream.
“Stay there, Hagrid!”  » shouted a wizard near the fence, pulling on the chain he was holding.  "They can shoot twenty feet away, you know! I saw that Horntail do forty!"
“Is it beautiful?”  Hagrid said softly.
"It's not good!" » shouted another wizard.  “Stunning spells, on the count of three!”
Harry saw each of the dragon guardians take out their wands.
“Stupid!”  they shouted in unison, and the stunning spells shot out into the darkness like flaming rockets, bursting into showers of stars on the scaly hides of the dragons -
Harry watched as the dragon closest to them wobbled dangerously on its hind legs; its jaws stretched wide in a silent howl; his nostrils were suddenly emptied of flame, although still smoking – then, very slowly, he fell.  Several tons of sinewy, scaly black dragons hit the ground with a thud that Harry could have sworn made the trees behind him shake.
The dragon guardians lowered their wands and moved toward their fallen charges, each of which was the size of a small hill.  They hurriedly tightened the chains and tied them securely to iron stakes, which they drove deep into the ground with their wands.
“Want to take a closer look?”  Hagrid asked Madame Maxime excitedly.  They both walked over to the fence and Harry followed them.  The wizard who had warned Hagrid to stay away turned and Harry realized who it was: Charlie Weasley.
"Very well, Hagrid?"  he panted as he came to speak.  "They should be fine now - we put them out with a sleeping potion on the way, we thought it might be better for them to wake up in the dark and quiet - but, as you saw, They weren't happy, not happy at all -"
“What breeds do you have here, Charlie?”  » Hagrid said, looking at the nearest dragon, the black one, with something of reverence.  His eyes were still barely open.  Harry could see a bright yellow stripe under his wrinkled black eyelid.
“It’s a Hungarian Horntail,” Charlie said.  "There's a common Welsh green there, the smallest -- a Swedish shortnose, that blue-gray -- and a Chinese fireball, that's the red."
Charlie looked around; Madame Maxime wandered around the edge of the enclosure, looking at the stunned dragons.
"I didn't know you were bringing it, Hagrid," Charlie said with a frown.  "Champions aren't supposed to know what's coming - she has to tell her student, right?"
"I just thought she'd like to see them," Hagrid shrugged, still looking delightedly at the dragons.
"A truly romantic date, Hagrid," Charlie said, shaking his head.
"Four..." said Hagrid, "so that's one for each of the champions, right?" What should they do: fight them?
“Just get past them, I think,” Charlie said.  "We'll be there if it gets nasty, Extinction Spells ready. They wanted nesting mothers, I don't know why... but I tell you, I don't envy whoever gets the Horntail. It's a Vicious thing. Its back is as dangerous as its front, look.
Charlie pointed to the Horntail's tail and Harry saw long, bronze-colored spikes protruding from it every few inches.
Five of Charlie's companions staggered towards the Horntail at that moment, carrying between them a clutch of enormous granite gray eggs in a blanket. They carefully placed them next to the Horntail.  Hagrid let out a longing moan.
"I counted them, Hagrid," Charlie said sternly.  Then he said, "How is Harry?"
"Very well," said Hagrid. He was still looking at the eggs.
"I just hope he's still okay after facing that group," Charlie said grimly, looking at the dragon enclosure.  "I didn't dare tell mom what to do for the first task, she already has kittens around..." Charlie imitated his mother's anxious voice. "How could they let him participate in this tournament, he's way too young! I thought they were all safe, I thought there would be an age limit!"  She was in shock after this Daily Prophet article about her. “He always cries about his parents, I never knew!”
Harry had had enough.  Counting that Hagrid wouldn't miss him, with the attractions of four dragons and Madame Maxime to keep him occupied, he silently turned and began walking away, towards the castle.
He didn't know if he was happy to have seen what was going to happen or not.  Maybe this way was better.  The first shock was now over.  Maybe if he had seen the dragons for the first time on Tuesday, he would have fainted in front of the whole school. . . but maybe he would anyway. ... He was going to be armed with his wand—which, just now, looked like nothing more than a narrow strip of wood—against a fifty-foot-tall, scaly, spike-mounted, fire-breathing dragon.  And he had to get over it.  With everyone watching.  How?
Harry sped along the edge of the forest; he had just under fifteen minutes to return to the fireside and talk to Sirius, and he didn't remember ever wanting to talk about it.k to someone more than he did in that moment -- when, without warning, he ran into something very solid.
Harry fell backwards, his glasses askew, clutching the cloak around him.  A voice nearby said, “Ouch! Who is here ?
Harry hastily checked that the cloak covered him and the hay, staring at the dark figure of the wizard he had struck.  He recognized the goatee. . . it was Karkaroff.
"Who is here?"  » repeated Karkaroff, very suspicious, looking around him in the darkness.  Harry remained still and silent.  After about a minute, Karkaroff seemed to decide that he had hit some sort of animal; he looked around at waist height, as if expecting to see a dog.  Then he slipped under the cover of the trees and began moving towards where the dragons were.
Very slowly and very carefully, Harry got up and left as quickly as he could without making too much noise, rushing into the darkness towards Hogwarts.
He had no doubt about what Karkaroff was doing.  He had snuck out of his ship to try and find out what the first task would be.  He might even have seen Hagrid and Madame Maxime walking together in the forest – they weren't difficult to spot from afar. . . and now Karkaroff only had to follow the sound of the voices, and he would know, like Madame Maxime, what awaited the champions.
From the looks of it, the only champion who would face the unknown on Tuesday was Cédric.
Harry reached the castle, slipped through the front doors and started up the marble stairs; he was very out of breath, but he didn't dare slow down. . . . He had less than five minutes to approach the fire.
"Nonsense!" » he panted in front of the Fat Lady, who was dozing in her frame in front of the portrait hole.
“If you say so,” she muttered sleepily, without opening her eyes, and the image turned forward to admit it.  Harry climbed inside.  The common room was deserted and, judging by the fact that it smelled completely normal, Hermione hadn't needed to set off any dungbombs to ensure that he and Sirius had privacy.
Harry took off the invisibility cloak and threw himself into an armchair in front of the fire.  The room was in darkness; the flames were the only source of light.  Nearby, on a table, Cédric Diggory Support! the badges the Creeveys had tried to improve gleamed in the firelight.  They are now reading POTTER REALLY STINKS.  Harry looked at the flames again and jumped.  
Sirius' head was resting in the fire.  If Harry hadn't seen Mr. Diggory doing just that in the Weasleys' kitchen, it would have made him lose his mind.  Instead, his face breaking into the first smile he'd worn in days, he hurriedly got up from his chair, crouched down by the hearth and said, "Sirius, how are you?"
Sirius looked different from how Harry remembered him.  When they said goodbye, Sirius' face was gaunt and hollow, surrounded by a quantity of long, black, tangled hair - but the hair was short and clean now, Sirius' face was fuller and he had looking younger, much more like the only photo Harry had of himself, which had been taken at the Potter wedding.
“Don’t pay attention to me, how are you?” Sirius said seriously.
"I'm…" For a second, Harry tried to say 'fine' – but he couldn't.  Before he could stop himself, he was talking more than he had in days – about how no one believed he hadn't entered the tournament willingly, about how Rita Skeeter had lied about him in the Daily Prophet, about how you couldn't walk down a hallway without being laughed at - and about Ron, Ron didn't believe him, Ron's jealousy...
"...and now Hagrid just showed me what awaits me in the first task, and it's dragons, Sirius, and I'm screwed," he finished desperately.
Sirius looked at him, eyes full of worry, eyes that hadn't yet lost the look Azkaban had given them – that sleepy, haunted look. He had let Harry remain silent without interruption, but now he said, "The dragons, we can take care of them." with, Harry, but we'll get to that in a minute – I don't have long here. I broke into a wizards house to use fire, but they could come back at any time. I must warn you. »
"What?"  » said Harry, feeling his morale drop a few more notches... . Surely there could be nothing worse than the arrival of the dragons?
"Karkaroff," Sirius said.  "Harry, he was a Death Eater. You know what Death Eaters are, don't you?"
“Yes – he – what?”
"He was caught, he was in Azkaban with me, but he was released. I'd bet that's why Dumbledore wanted an Auror at Hogwarts this year - to keep an eye on him. Moody caught Karkaroff .Put him in Azkaban in the first place."
“Has Karkaroff been released?”  Harry said slowly – his brain seemed to be struggling to absorb yet another shocking piece of information.  “Why did they release him?”
"He made a deal with the Ministry of Magic," Sirius said bitterly.  "He said he saw the emergency roomhe knew his ways, and then he gave names. . . he sent a bunch of other people to Azkaban in his place. . . . He's not very popular there, I can tell you that.  And ever since he got out, from what I can tell, he's been teaching dark magic to every student that comes through his school.  So also watch out for the Durmstrang Champion. »
"Okay," Harry said slowly.  "But... are you saying that Karkaroff put my name in the cup? Because if he did, he's a very good actor. He looked furious. He wanted to m 'prevent from competing.'
"We know he's a good actor," Sirius said, "because he convinced the Ministry of Magic to release him, right? Now, I've been keeping an eye on the Daily Prophet. Wizard, Harry..."
"-you and the rest of the world," Harry said bitterly. 
"-and reading between the lines of that Skeeter woman's article last month, Moody was attacked the night before he entered Hogwarts. Yes, I know she says it was another false alarm," Sirius said hurriedly, seeing Harry about to speak, "but I don't think so, one way or another. I think someone tried to stop him from going to Hogwarts. I think that someone knew his job would be a lot harder with him and no one is going to pay attention to it -Eye has heard intruders a little too often But that doesn't mean he still can't spot the real thing. Moody was the best Auror the Ministry had ever had.
“So what do you say?”  » Harry said slowly.  "Karkaroff is trying to kill me? But... why?"
Sirius hesitated.
“I have approached some very strange things,” he said slowly.  "The Death Eaters seem to be a little more active than usual lately. They showed up at the Quidditch World Cup, didn't they? Someone triggered the Dark Mark... and then - have you heard about that witch from the Ministry of Magic who disappeared?
“Bertha Jorkins?” Harry said.
"Exactly...she disappeared in Albania, and that's definitely where Voldemort would have been the last...and she would have known the Triwizard Tournament was coming, right?"
"Yeah, but...it's unlikely she went straight to Voldemort, is it?" Harry said.
"Look, I knew Bertha Jorkins," Sirius said grimly.  "She was at Hogwarts when I was there, a few years above your father and me. And she was an idiot. Very curious, but no brains, not at all. Not a good combination, Harry .I would say she would be very easy to lure into a trap.
"So...so Voldemort could have discovered the tournament?"  Harry said.  "Is that what you mean? Do you think Karkaroff could be here on his orders?"
"I don't know," Sirius said slowly, "I just don't know... Karkaroff doesn't seem like the type to go back to Voldemort if he didn't know Voldemort was powerful enough to protect him. But He Whoever put your name in that cup did it for a reason, and I can't help but think that the tournament would be a very good way to attack you and have it hang as an accident."
"That seems like a pretty good plan from where I'm standing," Harry said with a dark smile. “They’ll just have to stand back and let the dragons do their work.”
"That's right, those dragons," Sirius said, speaking very quickly now.  "There is a way, Harry. Don't be tempted to try a stun spell - dragons are strong and too powerful to be stunned by a single stunner, you need about half a dozen wizards at a time to defeat a dragon -"
"Yeah, I know, I just saw it," Harry said.
"But you can do it alone," Sirius said.  "There is a way, and a simple spell is all you need. Just-"
But Harry held up a hand to silence him, his heart suddenly pounding as if it were going to burst.  He could hear footsteps coming down the spiral staircase behind him.
"Go!"  » he hissed at Sirius. “Go ahead! There’s someone coming!”
Harry stood up hastily, hiding the fire - if anyone saw Sirius' face within the walls of Hogwarts, they would raise an almighty outcry - the Ministry would be dragged away - he, Harry, would be questioned about the whereabouts of Sirius - 
Harry heard a little pop! in the fire behind him and knew Sirius was gone.  He looked down the spiral staircase.  Who had decided to go for a walk at one in the morning, and stop Sirius from explaining to him how to get around a dragon?
It was Ron. Dressed in his brown paisley pajamas, Ron stopped abruptly across the room from Harry and looked around.
“Who were you talking to?” he said.
“What does that have to do with you?”  » Harry growled.  “What are you doing here at this time of night?”
"I was just wondering where you…" Ron trailed off with a shrug.  "Nothing. I'm going back to bed."
"I just thought you'd come snooping around here, didn't you?"  Harry shouted.  He knew Ron had no idea what he had stumbled upon, he knew he hadn't done it on purpose, but he didn't care - in that moment, he hated everything about Ron, right down to the a few centimeters of bare ankle. visible under his pajama pants.
"Sorry about that," Ron said, his face reddening with anger.  "I should have realized you didn't want to be disturbed. I'lllet you continue training for your next interview with peace of mind.
Harry grabbed one of the REALLY STINK POTTER badges from the table and threw it, as hard as he could, across the room.  He hit Ron in the forehead and bounced back.
"There you go," Harry said. "Something you can wear on Tuesday. You might even have a scar now, if you're lucky... That's what you want, right?"
He strode across the room towards the stairs; he half expected Ron to stop him, he even wished Ron would punch him, but Ron stood there in his too-small pajamas, and Harry, after storming up the stairs, stood awake in bed ranting for a long time afterwards. and I didn't hear him go to bed.

CHAPTER TWENTY - THE FIRST TASK

		Harry got up on Sunday morning and dressed so carelessly that it took him a while before he realized he was trying to put his hat on his foot instead of his sock.  When he finally had all his clothes on the right parts of his body, he hurried to find Hermione, locating her at the Gryffindor table in the Great Hall, where she was having breakfast with Ginny.  Feeling too nauseous to eat, Harry waited until Hermione had swallowed her last spoonful of porridge, then dragged her out onto the field.  There he told her all about the dragons, and everything Sirius had said, while they took another long walk around the lake.
		Alarmed by Sirius's warnings about Karkaroff, Hermione still thought the dragons were the more pressing problem.
“Let’s just try to keep you alive until Tuesday night,” she said desperately, “and then we can worry about Karkaroff.”
 They circled the lake three times, trying to find a simple spell that would subdue a dragon.  Nothing came to mind, so they retreated to the library.  Here Harry pulled out all the books he could find on dragons, and the two of them set to work rummaging through the large pile.
'Talk cutter with charms...treating scale rot...' It's not good, it's for weirdos like Hagrid who want to keep them healthy.
"Dragons are extremely difficult to kill, due to the ancient magic that imbues their thick skin, which only the most powerful spells can penetrate. . . " But Sirius said that a simple solution would suffice.. .
"Let's try some simple spellbooks then," Harry said, putting aside the Men who love dragons too much.
He returned to the table with a stack of grimoires, placed them down and began to leaf through them in turn, Hermione whispering constantly at his elbow.
"Well, there are spell-changing spells... but what's the point of changing him? Unless you traded his fangs for wine gums or something that would make him less dangerous... .The problem is, as this book says, not much will fit through a dragon's skin, but something that big. , you really have no hope, I even doubt Professor McGonagall on yourself? Maybe to give you extra powers? But these aren't simple spells, I mean, we don't have any? done in class, I only know them because I did O.W.L. exercises.
"Hermione," Harry said through gritted teeth, "will you please be quiet? I'm trying to concentrate."
But all that happened, when Hermione fell silent, was that Harry's brain filled with a kind of empty buzz, which seemed to leave no room for concentration.  He looked desperately at the index of basic spells for the busy and vexed.  Instant scalping. . . but dragons had no hair. . . peppery breath... this would likely increase a dragon's firepower. . . horn tongue. . . just what he needed, to give him an extra weapon...
"Oh no, he's back, why can't he read on his stupid ship?"  Hermione said irritably as Viktor Krum walked over, gave them a sullen look and sat in a far corner with a pile of books.  "Come on, Harry, we'll go back to the common room...his fan club will be there in a moment, tweeting..."
And sure enough, as they were leaving the library, a group of girls tiptoed past them, one of them wearing a Bulgarian scarf tied around her waist.

Harry barely slept that night.  When he woke up Monday morning, he seriously considered, for the first time, running away from Hogwarts.  But as he looked around the Great Hall at breakfast time and thought about what it would mean to leave the castle, he knew he couldn't do it.  It was the only place he had ever been happy. . . well, he supposed he must have been happy with his parents too, but he didn't remember that.
Somehow, knowing that he would rather be here and face a dragon than return to Privet Drive with Dudley was good to know; it made him feel slightly calmer.  He finished his bacon with difficulty (his throat wasn't working very well), and as he and Hermione stood up, he saw Cedric Diggory leaving the Hufflepuff table.
Cedric still didn't know about the dragons. . . the only playerpawn who didn't do it, if Harry was right to think that Maxime and Karkaroff would have told Fleur and Krum....
"Hermione, I'll see you in the greenhouses," Harry said, making his decision as he watched Cedric leave the Hall.  “Go ahead, I’ll catch you.”
"Harry, you'll be late, the bell's about to ring -"
“I’ll catch up with you, okay?”
By the time Harry reached the bottom of the marble staircase, Cedric was at the top. He was with a group of sixth grade friends.  Harry didn't want to talk to Cedric in front of them; they were among those who cited Rita Skeeter's article to him every time he approached them.  He followed Cedric at a distance and saw that he was heading towards the Charms corridor.  This gave Harry an idea.  Stopping a distance from them, he drew his wand and aimed carefully.
“Diffindo! »
Cédric's bag split.  Parchment, quills and books fell to the floor.  Several broken ink bottles.
“Don’t bother,” Cedric said in an exasperated voice as his friends leaned over to help him.  "Tell Flitwick I'm coming, keep going...
It was exactly what Harry had hoped for.  He put his wand back in his robes, waited until Cedric's friends had disappeared into their classroom, and rushed out into the hallway, which was now empty of everyone except him and Cedric.
"Hello," Cedric said, picking up a copy of the Advanced Transfiguration Guide that was now splattered with ink.  “My bag just broke... brand new and everything...
"Cedric," Harry said, "first order of business is the dragons."
"What?" Cedric said, looking up.
"Dragons," Harry said, speaking quickly, in case Professor Flitwick came to see where Cedric had arrived.  “They have four, one for each of us, and we have to get past them.”
Cedric looked at him.  Harry saw some of the panic he had felt since Saturday night flicker in Cedric's gray eyes.
"Are you sure?" » said Cédric in a hushed voice.
"Of course," Harry said. "I saw them."
"But how did you find out? We're not supposed to know..." 
"Whatever," Harry said quickly – he knew Hagrid would be in trouble if he told the truth.  "But I'm not the only one who knows. Fleur and Krum will know now - Maxime and Karkaroff have both seen the dragons too."
Cedric stood up, his arms loaded with ink quills, parchment and books, his torn bag hanging over his shoulder.  He looked at Harry, and there was a puzzled, almost suspicious look in his eyes.
“Why are you telling me?” He asked.
Harry looked at him in disbelief.  He was sure Cedric wouldn't have asked that if he had seen the dragons himself.  Harry wouldn't have let his worst enemy face these monsters unprepared - well, maybe Malfoy or Snape...
"It's just...just, isn't it?"  he said to Cedric.  "We all know it now...we're on equal footing, aren't we?"
Cedric was still holding on to it in a slightly suspicious manner when Harry heard a familiar thud behind him.  He turned around and saw Mad-Eye Moody emerge from a nearby classroom.
"Come with me, Potter," he growled.  “Diggory, here we go.”
Harry looked at Moody apprehensively.  Had he heard them?
"Um – Professor, I'm supposed to be in herbalism –"
"It doesn't matter, Potter. In my office, please...
Harry followed him, wondering what would happen to him now.  What if Moody wanted to know how he discovered dragons?  Would Moody go to Dumbledore and report Hagrid, or would he just turn Harry into a ferret?  Well, maybe it would be easier to outrun a dragon if it were a ferret, Harry thought annoyingly, it would be smaller, a lot less easy to see from fifty feet up.
He followed Moody into his office.  Moody closed the door behind them and turned to look at Harry, his magical eye fixed on him as well as his normal eye.
"That was a very decent thing you just did, Potter," Moody said softly.
Harry didn't know what to say; This was not at all the reaction he expected.
"Sit down," Moody said, and Harry sat down, looking around.
He had visited this office under the direction of two of its previous occupants.  During Professor Lockhart's time, the walls were covered with glowing, flashing photos of Professor Lockhart himself. When Lupine lived here, you were more likely to come across a specimen of a fascinating new dark creature that he had gotten for them to study in class.  Now, however, the office was filled with a number of exceptionally strange objects that Harry assumed Moody had used in his days as an Auror.
On his desk was what looked like a large spinning top made of cracked glass; Harry immediately recognized it as a Sneakoscope, as he had one himself, although it was much smaller than Moody's.  In the corner of a small table was something that looked like a very wavy, gold television antenna.  It buzzed slightly.  What appeared to be a mirror hung on the wall opposite Harry, but it did not reflect the room.  Dark figures moved within, none of them clearly in focus.
"Like my dark detectors, do you", helps Moody, who was watching Harry closely.
"What is this?"  Harry asked, pointing to the wavy, golden antenna.
"Secret sensor. Vibrates when it detects concealment and lying...useless here, of course, too much interference - students are lying in all directions about why they didn't do their homework. I has been humming since I got here. I had to turn off my Sneakoscope because it keeps whistling. It's extremely sensitive, it picks up stuff from about a mile away, of course it could pick up more. only childish things,” he added with a grunt.
“And what is the mirror for?”
"Oh, that's my Foe-Glass. See them out there, skulking around? I don't really have any problems until I see the whites of their eyes. That's when - there I open my trunk."
He let out a short, harsh laugh and gestured to the large trunk under the window.  There were seven keyholes in a row.  Harry wondered what was in there, until Moody's next question brought him abruptly back to earth.
“So… you discovered dragons, right?”
Harry hesitated.  He'd been afraid of that – but he hadn't told Cedric, and he certainly wasn't going to tell Moody, that Hagrid had broken the rules.
"It's all right," Moody said, sitting up and stretching out his wooden leg with a groan. "Cheating is a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and always has been."
"I didn't cheat," Harry said dryly.  “It was… some sort of accident that I discovered.”
Moody smiled.  "I wasn't accusing you, my boy. I've been telling Dumbledore all along that he can be as noble as he wants, but you can bet old Karkaroff and Maxime won't be. They'll get him tell their champions everything they can. They want to win. They want to prove that he is only human.
Moody gave another harsh laugh, and his magical eye swiveled so quickly that Harry felt uncomfortable looking at him.
“So… do you already have an idea of ​​how you are going to defeat your dragon?” Moody said.
"No," Harry said.
"Well, I'm not going to tell you," Moody said gruffly.  "I'm not showing favoritism. I'm just going to give you some good general advice. And the first part is: play to your strengths."
"I don't have one," Harry said, before he could stop himself.  "Excuse me," Moody grunted, "you have strengths if I say you have them. Now think. What are you best at?"
Harry tried to concentrate.  What was he best at?  Well, it was really easy --
"Quidditch," he said dully, "and lots of help -" 
"That's right," Moody said, looking at him very intently, his magical eye barely moving.  “You’re a damn good pilot, from what I’ve heard. »
"Yes, but.. ." Harry looked at him.  "I'm not allowed a broom, I only have my wand..."
"My second general advice," Moody said loudly, interrupting, "is to use a nice, simple spell that will get you what you need."
 Harry looked at him blankly.  What did he need?
"Come on, boy..." Moody whispered.  "Put them together...it's not that difficult..."
And it clicked.  He was the best at flying.  He had to make the dragon pass through the air.  For that, he needed his Firebolt.  And for his Firebolt, he needed... 

"Hermione," Harry murmured, as he entered the greenhouse three minutes later, offering a hasty apology to Professor Sprout as he passed her.  "Hermione – I need you to help me."
"What do you think I was trying to do, Harry?"  she whispered back, her eyes wide with anxiety over the quivering Flutterby bush she was trimming.
"Hermione, I need to learn how to properly cast a summoning spell by tomorrow afternoon."

And that’s how they practiced.  They didn't eat lunch, but headed to a spare classroom, where Harry tried with all his might to make various objects fly across the room towards him.  He was always having problems.  Books and quills lost courage halfway across the room and dropped hiking stones on the floor.
"Focus, Harry, focus. . . ."
“What do you think I’m trying to do?”  Harry said angrily.  "A really big dragon keeps popping up in my head for some reason...Okay, try again..."
He wanted to skip Divination to continue practicing, but Hermione adamantly refused to avoid Arithmancy, and there was no point in staying without her.  So he had to put up with Professor Trelawney for over an hour, who spent half the lesson telling everyone that the position of Mars relative to Saturn at that time meant that people born in July were in great danger of sudden and violent death.
"Well, that's fine," Harry said loudly, his temper getting the better of him, "as long as it doesn't drag on. I don't want to suffer."
Ron looked for a moment as if he was going to laugh; he certainly caught Harry's attention for the first time in days, but Harry still felt too resentful of Ron to care.  He spent the rest of class trying to attract small objects to him under the table with his wand.  He managed to zoom a fly directly onto his hand, although he wasn't entirely sure that was his aim.turbulent at Summoning Charms - maybe the fly was just stupid.
He forced himself to eat dinner after the divination, then returned to the empty classroom with Hermione, using the invisibility cloak to avoid the teachers.  They continued training until after midnight.  They would have stayed longer, but Peeves showed up and, pretending to think Harry wanted things thrown at him, started throwing chairs across the room.  Harry and Hermione hurriedly left before the noise attracted Filch, and returned to the Gryffindor common room, which was now thankfully empty.
At two in the morning, Harry stood by the fireplace, surrounded by piles of objects: books, quills, several overturned chairs, an old set of Gobstones, and Neville's toad, Trevor.  It was only in the last hour that Harry had truly understood the summoning spell.
"That's better, Harry, that's much better," Hermione said, looking exhausted but very happy.
"Well, now we know what to do the next time I can't cast a spell," Harry said, tossing a rune dictionary to Hermione so he could try again, "threaten me with a dragon. C 'is true..." He raised his wand once more.  “Accio Dictionary!”
The heavy book flew out of Hermione's hands, flying across the room and Harry caught it.
"Harry, I really think you have it!" » said Hermione delighted.
"As long as it works tomorrow," Harry said. "Firebolt will be much further than what is here, it will be in the castle, and I will be there on the ground..."
"It doesn't matter," Hermione said firmly. "As long as you concentrate really, really hard on it, it will come. Harry, we better get some sleep...you're going to need that."

Harry had been so focused on learning the summoning spell that evening that some of his blind panic had taken its toll.  However, he returned in full force the next morning.  The atmosphere at school was full of tension and enthusiasm.  Classes were to end at noon, giving all the students time to go down to the dragon enclosure – although of course they didn't yet know what they would find there.
Harry felt strangely separated from everyone around him, whether they were wishing him luck or whistling "We'll have a box of tissues ready, Potter" as he passed.  It was such an advanced state of nervousness that he wondered if he would lose his mind when they tried to lead him to his dragon, and start trying to curse everyone in sight.  Time behaved in a more peculiar way than ever before, passing at great speed, so that at one moment he seemed to be sitting in his first lesson, History of Magic, and the next, in the process of lunch... and then (where had the morning gone? the last of the dragon-free hours?), Professor McGonagall rushed towards him in the Great Hall.  Many people were watching.
"Potter, the champions must take to the field now... You must prepare for your first task."
"Okay," Harry said as he stood up, his fork falling onto his plate with a clatter.
"Good luck, Harry," Hermione whispered. “It’ll be fine!”
"Yeah," Harry said in a voice that didn't sound at all like his own.
He raised the Great Hall with Professor McGonagall.  She didn't seem like herself either; in fact, she looked almost as anxious as Hermione.  As she led him down the stone steps and out into the cold November afternoon, she placed her hand on his shoulder.
"Now, don't panic," she said, "just keep a cool head. . . . We have wizards ready to control the situation if it gets out of hand. . . . The main thing is just to do your best." better, and no one will think bad of you.
"Yes," Harry heard himself say. "Yes I'm dong well."
She was leading him towards where the dragons were, at the edge of the forest, but when they approached the clump of trees behind which the enclosure would be clearly visible, Harry saw that a tent had been set up. , its entrance facing them, hiding the dragons from view.
"You must come in here with the other champions," Professor McGonagall said, her voice rather shaky, "and wait your turn, Potter. Mr. Bagman is in there... he will tell you. the - the procedure .
"Thank you," Harry said in a flat, distant voice.  She left it at the entrance to the tent. Harry entered.
Fleur Delacour was sitting in the corner on a wooden stool.  She didn't look as calm as usual, but rather pale and sweaty.  Viktor Krum looked even more sullen than usual, which Harry supposed was his way of showing his nervousness.  Cedric paced back and forth. When Harry entered, Cedric gave him a small smile, which Harry returned, feeling the muscles in his face working rather hard, as if they had forgotten how to do it.
"Harry! Well-o!" Bagman said happily looking at him.  “Come in, come in, make yourself at home!”
Bagman somehow looked like a slightly exaggerated cartoon character, standing in the middle of all the pale-faced champions.ions.  He was wearing his old Wasp robes again.
“Well, now we’re all here – time to fill you in!” » said Bagman cheerfully.  “When the audience is assembled, I will offer each of you this bag” – he held up a small purple silk bag and shook it towards them – “from which you will each choose a small model of the thing you are on the point to confront! There are different - er - varieties, you see And I also have to tell you something else... ah, yes... your task is to collect the golden egg!”
Harry glanced around.  Cedric had nodded once, to show that he understood Bagman's words, then he had resumed pacing around the tent; he looked slightly green.  Fleur Delacour and Krum didn't react at all.  Maybe they thought they might get sick if they opened their mouths; that was certainly how Harry felt.  But they, at least, had volunteered for that. .
And in no time, hundreds and hundreds of pairs of feet could be heard walking past the tent, their owners talking excitedly, laughing and joking. . . . Harry felt as separated from the crowd as if they were a different species.  And then – it seemed to Harry about a second later – Bagman opened the neck of the purple silk bag.
“Ladies first,” he said, offering it to Fleur Delacour.
She reached a trembling hand inside the bag and pulled out a perfect little model of a dragon – a Welsh Green.  He had the number two around his neck. And Harry knew, from the fact that Fleur showed no sign of surprise, but rather a determined resignation, that he was right: Madame Maxime had told him what was going to happen.
The same goes for Krum.  He took out the scarlet Chinese fireball.  He had a number three around his neck.  He didn't even blink, sitting back and looking at the ground.
Cedric reached into the bag and pulled out the bluish-gray Short-Snouted Swede, number one tied around his neck.  Knowing what was left, Harry reached into the silk bag and pulled out the Hungarian Horntail and number four.  It spread its wings as it looked at him and showed its tiny fangs.
“Well, there you are!” Bagman said.  "You each took out the dragon you are going to face, and the numbers refer to the order in which you must face the dragons, see? Now, I'm going to have to leave you in a moment, because I'm commenting. M . Diggory, you're first, come out into the compound when you hear a whistle, okay now, Harry?
"Um... yes," Harry said blankly, and got up and walked out of the tent with Bagman, who accompanied him a short distance into the trees, then turned to him with a fatherly expression. on the face.
"Are you feeling okay, Harry?" Anything I can get you?
"What?" Harry said.  “I...no, nothing.”
“You have a plan? » said Bagman, lowering his voice conspiratorially.  "Because I don't mind sharing some advice, if you want it, you know. I mean," Bagman continued, lowering his voice even further, "you're the underdog here, Harry. . . . All that what I want to do to help.
"No," Harry said so quickly he knew he sounded rude, "no – I – I know what I'm going to do, thank you."
"No one would know, Harry," Bagman said, winking at him.
"No, I'm fine," Harry said, wondering why he kept telling people that, and wondering if he had ever been worse.  “I have an elaborate plan, I –”
A whistle sounded somewhere.
“Damn it, I have to run!”  said Bagman, alarmed, and hurried away.
Harry returned to the tent and saw Cedric coming out, greener than ever. Harry tried to wish him luck as he passed, but all that came out of his mouth was a sort of throaty grunt.
Harry returned to Fleur and Krum. Second haters, they heard the roar of the crowd, which meant that Cedric had entered the enclosure and now found himself face to face with the living counterpart of his model.
It was worse than Harry could have imagined, sitting there and listening.  The crowd screamed. . . shouted.. . » panted as a single, many-headed entity, as Cedric did everything he could to pass the Short-Snouted Swede.  Krum was still looking at the ground.  Fleur had now taken to following in Cedric's footsteps, around and around the tent. And Bagman's comment made things much worse. . Horrible images formed in Harry's mind as he heard, "Oooh, narrow miss there, very tight." . . “He takes risks, this one!” . . “Clever move – too bad it didn’t work!”
And then, after about fifteen minutes, Harry heard the deafening roar that could only mean one thing: Cedric had outrun his dragon and captured the golden egg.
"Really very good!"  Bagman shouted.  “And now the judges’ scores!”
But he didn't shout the marks; Harry assumed the judges held them up and showed them to the crowd.
“One down, three to go!”  Bagman shouted as the whistle blew again.  “Miss Delacour, please!”
Fleur was trembling from head to toe; Harry felt warmer towards her than he had before.one in that she raised the tent with her head held high and her hand holding her wand.  He and Krum remained alone, on opposite sides of the tent, avoiding each other's gaze.
The same process started again. . . . “Oh, I’m not sure that’s wise!”  they could hear Bagman shouting happily.  "Oh...almost! Watch out now...gosh, I thought she had it then!"
Ten minutes later, Harry heard the crowd cheering again. . . . Fleur must have succeeded too.  A pause, while Fleur's marks were displayed. . . more applause... then, for the third time, the whistle.
“And this is Mr. Krum!”  » cried Bagman, and Krum collapsed, leaving Harry all alone.
He felt much more aware of his body than usual; very aware of how his heart was beating fast and his fingers were tingling with fear. . . but at the same time he seemed to be beside himself, seeing the walls of the tent and hearing the crowd, as if from afar.
“Very bold!”  Bagman screamed, and Harry heard the Chinese fireball let out a horrible roaring scream, as the crowd caught their collective breath.  “That’s some nerve he’s showing – and – yes, he’s got the egg!”
The applause shattered the winter air like broken glass; Krum was finished – it would be Harry's turn any moment.
He stood up, vaguely noticing that his legs seemed to be made of marshmallow.  He waited.  And then he heard the whistle.  He exited through the entrance of the tent, panic building within him.  And now he was walking past the trees, through a gap in the compound fence.
He saw everything in front of him as if it were a very colorful dream.  There were hundreds and hundreds of faces staring at him from magical stands since he was last here.  And there was the Horntail, at the other end of the enclosure, crouching over his clutch of eggs, his wings half folded, his evil yellow eyes fixed on him, a monstrous, scaly black lizard, waving its pointed tail, raising meter-long stripes in the hard ground.  The crowd was making a lot of noise, but whether it was friendly or not, Harry didn't know and didn't care.  It was time to do what he had to do. . . concentrate his mind, entirely and absolutely, on what was his only chance.
He raised his wand.
“Accio Firebolt!” He shouted.
Harry waited, every fiber of him hoping, praying. . . . If it hadn't worked. . . if it didn't come. . . He seemed to look all around him through a sort of transparent and shimmering barrier, like a heat mist, which made the enclosure and the hundreds of faces around him swim strangely....
And then he heard it, running through the air behind him; he turned and saw his firebolt rushing towards him at the edge of the wood, flying into the enclosure and stopping dead in mid-flight beside him, waiting for him to come up. The crowd was even louder. . . . Bagman was shouting something. . . but Harry's ears were no longer working properly. . . listening wasn't important...
He swung his leg over the broom and lifted himself off the ground.  And a second later, something miraculous happened...
As he rose upwards, the wind blew through his hair, the faces of the crowd became mere flesh-colored pins, and the Horntail shrank to the size of a dog, he realized that he had not only raised the ground behind him, but also his fear. . . . He was back where he was...
It was just another Quidditch match, that's all. . . just another Quidditch match, and this Horntail was just another ugly opposing team.
He looked down at the clutch of eggs and spotted the golden one, gleaming among its cement-colored peers, residing safely between the dragon's front legs.  "Okay," Harry said to himself, "diversionary tactics...let's go..."
He dove.  The Horntail's head followed him; he knew what it was going to do and pulled out of the dive just in time; a jet of fire had been launched exactly where he would have been if he hadn't swerved. . . but Harry didn't care... it was nothing more than dodging a Bludger.
“Great Scott, he can fly!”  » Bagman shouted as the crowd screamed and gasped.  “Are you watching this, Mr. Krum?”
		Harry flew higher in a circle; the Horntail still followed his progress; her head turns on her long neck - if he continued like that, she would get quite dizzy - but it's better not to push her for too long, otherwise she would breathe fire again - 
		Harry fell just as the Horntail opened its maw, but this time he was less lucky - he missed the flames, but the tail came to meet him instead, and as he swerved to the left, the One of the long points grazed his shoulder. , tearing her dresses --
		He could feel the burn, he could hear the screams and groans of the crowd, but the cut didn't seem deep. . . . Now he zoomed in on the back of the Horntail, and a possibility occurred to him...
		The Horntail didn't seem to want to take off, she was too protective ofits eggs. Even though she twisted and writhed, rolling and spreading her wings and keeping her fearsome yellow eyes on Harry, she was afraid to stray too far from them. . . but he had to persuade her to do it, otherwise he would never approach them. . . . The trick was to do it carefully, gradually....
		He began to fly, first this way, then the other, not close enough to make her breathe fire to push him away, but still posing enough of a threat to make sure she kept her eyes on him.  Her head swayed from side to side, looking at him from her vertical pupils, her fangs bared...
		He flew higher.  The Horntail's head rose with him, its neck now stretched to its maximum, still swinging, walking a snake in front of its charmer. . .
		Harry stood up a few more feet and she let out a roar of exasperation.  He was like a fly to her, a fly she wanted to swat; his tail throbbed again, but he was too high to reach it now. . . . She fired into the air, which he dodged. . Its jaws opened wide...
“Come on,” Harry hissed, hovering tantalizingly above her, “come on, come and get me… get up now.”
And then it reared up, finally spreading its great black, leathery wings, as wide as those of a small plane - and Harry dove.  Before the dragon knew what he had done, or where he had disappeared to, he was rushing towards the ground as fast as he could, towards the eggs now unprotected by his clawed front legs - he had removed his hands from his Firebolt - he had seized the golden egg - 
And with great acceleration he was gone, he darted above the stands, the heavy egg safely under his uninjured arm, and it was as if someone had just wound up the volume - for the first time he became well aware of the noise of the crowd, who were shouting and cheering as loudly as the Irish fans at the World Cup - 
“Look at this!” Bagman shouted. "Will you watch that! Our youngest champion is the fastest to collect his egg! Well, that's going to hurt Mr. Potter's chances!"
Harry saw the dragon guardians rushing to subdue the Horntail, and at the entrance to the enclosure, Professor McGonagalh, Professor Moody and Hagrid rushed to meet him, all beckoning him towards them, their smiles being evident even from this distance. .  He flew over the stands, the noise of the crowd hitting his eardrums, and landed softly, his heart lighter than it had been in weeks. . . . He had accomplished the first task, he had survived.
"That was excellent, Potter!"  Professor McGonagall exclaimed as he dismounted from Firebolt – which was extravagant praise from her.  He noticed her hand trembling as she gestured to his shoulder.  "You will need to see Madam Pomfrey before the judges give your score." . . . There, she already had to mop up Diggory. . . .
"Yeah, I did, Harry!" Hagrid said hoarsely.  "Yeah, you did! And against the Horntail and all, and you know, Charlie said it was the worst..."
"Thank you, Hagrid," Harry said loudly, so Hagrid wouldn't make a mistake and reveal that he had shown Harry the dragons before.
Professor Moody also looked very happy; his magical eye danced in his socket.
"Nice and easy does the trick, Potter," he growled.
"In that case, Potter, the first aid tent, please..." Professor McGonagall said.
Harry walked out of the enclosure, still panting, and saw Madam Pomfrey standing at the entrance to a second tent, looking worried.
“Dragons!”  she said in a disgusted tone, pulling Harry inside.  The tent was divided into cabins; he could make out Cedric's shadow through the canvas, but Cedric didn't seem seriously injured; he was sitting, at least. Madam Pomfrey was examining Harry's shoulder, talking furiously the whole time.  “Last year’s Dementors, this year’s dragons, what are they going to bring to this school next time? You're very lucky. . . it's quite superficial. . . it will have to be cleaned before I heal it, however... ".
She cleaned the cut with a dab of purple liquid that smoked and stung, but then she tapped his shoulder with her wand, and he felt it heal instantly.
"Now sit quietly for a minute - sit down! And then you can go get your score."
She rushed out of the tent and he heard her walk past and say, "How are you feeling now, Diggory?"
Harry didn't want to sit still: he was too full of adrenaline.  He stood up, wanting to see what was going on outside, but before he reached the entrance to the tent, two people had rushed inside – Hermione, followed closely by Ron.
"Harry, you were brilliant!"   » Hermione said in a squeaky voice. There were nail marks on her face, where she held them in fear.  "You were amazing! You really were!"
But Harry was looking at Ron, who was very white and staring at Harry like he was a ghost.
"Harry," he said very seriously, "whoever put your name in that goblet – I – I think they're trying to frame you!"
It was as if the last few weeks had never happened – as if Harry was meeting Ron tor the first time, right after being named champion.
“I get it, don’t I?”  » Harry said coldly.  “It took you long enough.”
Hermione stood nervously between them, looking from one to the other.  Ron opened his mouth uncertainly.  Harry knew Ron was about to apologize and suddenly he realized he didn't need to hear it.
"It's okay," he said before Ron could get the words out.  "Forget that." 
"No," said Ron, "I shouldn't have -"
"Forget it," Harry said.
Ron smiled nervously at him, and Harry smiled back. 
Hermione burst into tears.
“There’s nothing to cry about!”  Harry told him, disconcerted.  
“You two are so stupid!” she shouted, stamping her foot on the ground, tears streaming down her forehead.  Then, before any of them could stop her, she had hugged them both and ran away, now positively screaming.
“Mad bark,” Ron said, shaking his head.  "Harry, come on, they'll post your scores. . . ."
Picking up the golden egg and its firebolt, feeling more elated than he would have thought possible an hour ago, Harry walked out of the tent, Ron at his side, speaking quickly.
"You were the best, you know, no competition. Cedric did this weird thing where he transfigured a rock on the ground... he turned it into a dog... he was trying to make the dragon goes after the dog instead... Well, that was a pretty cool part of Transfiguration, and it kind of worked, because he got the egg, but he also got burned. - the dragon changed his mind halfway and decided he'd rather have her than the Labrador he just ran away And that girl Fleur tried that kind of charm, I think. she was trying to put her in a trance - well, that worked too, she fell asleep, but then she snored, and this super jet A flame flew out and her skirt caught fire - she put it out with a little water with his wand. And Krum - you won't believe it, but he didn't even think about flying He was probably the best after you, though, hit him with some kind of spell! full in the eye The only problem was he stomped in agony and crushed half the real eggs - they removed marks for that, he wasn't supposed to do any damage. for them."
Ron inhaled as he and Harry reached the edge of the enclosure.  Now that the Horntail had been removed, Harry could see where the five judges were sitting – just at the other end, on raised seats draped in gold.
"That's a score out of ten for everyone," Ron said, and Harry, squinting at the field, saw the first judge - Madame Maxime - raise her wand in the air.  What clung like a long silver ribbon burst out, which twisted into a rollercoaster.
"Not bad!" Ron said as the crowd applauded.  "I guess she removed marks from your shoulder...
Mr. Crouch came next. He fired a number nine into the air.
"It looks good !"  Ron shouted, hitting Harry on the back.
Next, Dumbledore.  He also put a new one.  The crowd applauded more than ever.
Ludo Bagman – ten.
"Ten?" » Harry said incredulously.  "But... I was hurt. . . . What is he playing?"
"Harry, don't complain! Ron shouted excitedly.
And now Karkaroff raised his wand. He paused for a moment, then a number came out of his wand as well – four.
"What?" Ron yelled furiously. "Four? You ugly, biased bastard, you gave Krum ten!"
But Harry didn't care, he didn't care if Karkaroff gave him zero; Ron's outrage in his favor earned him about a hundred points.  He didn't tell Ron, of course, but his heart felt lighter than air as he turned to leave the enclosure.  And it wasn't just Ron. . . it wasn't just the Gryffindors cheering in the crowd.  When it came to this, when they saw what he was facing, most of the school had been on his side as well as Cedric's. . . . He didn't care about the Slytherins, he could handle anything they threw at him now.
"You're tied for first place, Harry! You and Krum!"  Charlie Weasley said, hurrying to meet them as they headed towards school.  "Listen, I have to run, I have to go owl mom, I swore I'd tell her what happened - but it was amazing! Oh yeah - and they told me to tell you that you had I have to stay a few more minutes... Bagman wants a word, back in the champions' tent.
Ron said he would wait, so Harry went back into the tent, which looked quite different now: friendly and welcoming.  He thought back to how he had felt dodging the Horntail, and compared it to the long wait before coming out to face it… There was no comparison; the wait had been infinitely worse.
Fleur, Cédric and Krum all came together.  One side of Cedric's face was covered in a thick orange paste, which was probably intended to treat his burn.  He smiled at Harry when he saw him.
"Good, Harry."
"And you," Harry said, smiling back.
"Congratulations to all!"  said Ludo Bagman, bouncing around the tent and looking as happy as if he had personally just outrun a dragon.  "Now, just a few quick words. You have anice, long break before the second task, which will take place at half past nine on the morning of February 24 - but we'll give you some food for thought in the meantime!  If you look at the golden eggs that you are all holding in your hands, you will see that they are opening. . . do you see the hinges there?  You need to solve the clue inside the egg, because it will tell you what the second task is and allow you to prepare for it!  Everything is clear?  Of course?  Well, here we go, then!”
Harry left the tent, joined Ron, and they started walking to the edge of the forest, talking loudly; Harry wanted to hear in more detail what the other champions had done. Then, as they walked around the grove of trees behind which Harry had first heard the dragons roar, a witch appeared behind them.
It was Rita Skeeter.  She wore acid green dresses today; the Quick-Quotes quill in his hand blended perfectly against them.
"Congratulations, Harry!"  she said, smiling at him.  “I wonder if you could have a word with me?” How did you feel facing this dragon? How do you feel now about the fairness of the score?
"Yeah, you can say a word," Harry said wildly. "Bye."
And he went back to the castle with Ron.

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE - THE HOUSE ELF LIBERATION FRONT

		Harry, Ron and Hermione went up to the Aviary that evening to find Pigwidgeon, so that Harry could send Sirius a letter telling him that he had managed to escape his dragon unharmed.  On the way, Harry told Ron everything Sirius had told him about Karkaroff. Although initially shocked to learn that Karkaroff was a Death Eater, by the time they entered the Aviary, Ron said they should have known all along.
		“It’s okay, isn’t it?”  he said.  "Remember what Malfoy said on the train, about his father being friends with Karkaroff? Now we know where they met. They were probably running together in masks at the World Cup... I'll tell you one thing, though, Harry, if it was Karkaroff who put your name in the goblet, he's going to feel really stupid now, didn't he? -right? You only have a scratch. Come here, I'll do it -"
Pigwidgeon was so excited about a delivery that he flew around Harry's head, hooting all the time.  Ron grabbed Pigwidgeon out of the air and held him still while Harry tied the letter to his leg.
"There's no way the other tasks are that dangerous, how could they be?"  » Ron continued, carrying Pigwidgeon to the window.  "You know what? I think you could win this tournament, Harry, I'm serious."
Harry knew Ron was only saying this to make up for his behavior over the past few weeks, but he appreciated it all the same.  Hermione, however, leaned against the wall of the Aviary, crossed her arms and frowned at Ron.
"Harry still has a long way to go before he finishes this tournament," she said seriously.  “If this was the first task, I hate to think about what comes next.”
“That’s right, little ray of sunshine, isn’t it?”  Ron said.  “You and Professor Trelawney should get together sometime.”
He threw Pigwidgeon out the window.  Pigwidgeon fell twelve feet before managing to get up; the letter attached to his leg was much longer and heavier than usual – Harry couldn't help but tell Sirius, blow by blow, exactly how he had swerved, spun around, and dodged the Horntail.  They watched Pigwidgeon disappear into the darkness, then Ron said, "Well, we'd better go down for your surprise party, Harry - Fred and George should have snagged enough food from the kitchens by now."
Sure enough, when they entered the Gryffindor common room, it exploded with cheers and screams again.  There were mountains of cakes and bottles of pumpkin juice and butterbeer on every surface; Lee Jordan had set off some filibuster fireworks, so that the air was filled with stars and sparks; and Dean Thomas, who was very good at drawing, had put up some impressive new banners, most of which depicted Harry zooming around the Horntail's head on his Firebolt, although a few showed Cedric with his head on fire.
Harry helped himself to the food; he had almost forgotten what it was like to be truly hungry, and sat down with Ron and Hermione.  He couldn't believe how happy he felt; he had Ron back by his side, he had completed the first task, and he wouldn't have to face the second for another three months.
"Blimey, it's heavy," Lee Jordan said, picking up the golden egg Harry had left on a table and weighing it in his hands.  "Open it, Harry, go on! Let's see what's inside!"
"He's supposed to find the clue on his own," Hermione said quickly.  “It’s in the tournament rules…”
"I was supposed to figure out how to overcome the dragon on my own too," Harry muttered, so only Hermione could hear him, and she smiled rather guiltily.
"Yeah, go ahead, Harry, open it!"  several people echoed.
Lee passed the egg to Harry, and Harry dDig his nails into the groove that ran all the way around it and open it.
It was hollow and completely empty – but the moment Harry opened it, the most horrible noise, a loud, shrill moan, filled the room.  The closest thing Harry had ever heard was the ghost orchestra at Almost Headless Nick's death party, all of whom were playing musical saws.
"Close!"  » bellowed Fred, hands over his ears.
"What was that?"  said Seamus Finnigan, staring at the egg as Harry slammed it shut.  "It looked like a banshee...Maybe you'll have to overcome one next, Harry!" »
“It was someone who was being tortured!” said Neville, who had turned very white and spilled sausage rolls all over the floor.  "You're going to have to fight the Crucio!"
“Don’t be a fool, Neville, it’s illegal,” George said.  "They wouldn't use the Cruciatus Curse on champions. I thought it sounded a bit like Percy singing...maybe you should attack him while he's in the shower. Harry."
"Would you like a jam tart, Hermione?" Fred said.
Hermione looked doubtfully at the plate he offered her. Fred smiled.
“Everything is fine,” he said. "I didn't do anything to them. It's the pastry creams we need to watch out for -"
Neville, who had just bitten into a custard, choked and spat it out. Fred laughs.
"It's just my little joke, Neville..."
Hermione took a jam tart. Then she said, “Did you get all this from the kitchens, Fred?”
"Yeah," Fred said, smiling at him. He squealed and imitated a house elf.  "'Whatever we can get you, sir, anything!'  They're a big help... bring me a roast beef if I say I'm feeling peckish."
“How do you get in there?” » Hermione said in an innocently relaxed voice.
"Easy," said Fred, "hidden door behind a painting of a bowl of fruit. Just tickle the pear, and she giggles and -" He stopped and looked at her warily. "For what?"
"Nothing," Hermione said quickly.
"You're going to try to put the house elves on strike now, aren't you?" said George. “Are you going to leave all these leaflets and try to incite them to rebellion?”
Several people laughed. Hermione didn't answer.
“Don’t go and upset them by telling them that they have to take clothes and salaries!” » Fred said warningly.  “You’re going to dissuade them from cooking!”
At this point, Neville made a slight diversion by transforming himself into a large canary.
"Oh...sorry, Neville!" Fred shouted despite all the laughter. "I forgot - it was the custard
the creams we threw on -"
Within a minute, however, Neville had molted, and once his feathers had fallen off, he reappeared looking completely normal.  He even joined in the laughter.
“Canary Creams!” Fred shouted to the excited crowd.  “George and I invented them – seven sickles each, a bargain!”
It was almost one in the morning when Harry finally went up to the dormitory with Ron, Neville, Seamus and Dean.  Before closing the curtains of his four-poster bed.  Harry placed his little model of a Hungarian Horntail on the table next to his bed, where he yawned, curled up and closed his eyes.  Really, Harry thought, as he closed the drapes of his four-poster bed, Hagrid was right... they were fine, really, the dragons. . . .

The beginning of December brought wind and sleet to Hogwarts.  Even though the castle was drafty in winter, it was still drafty.  Harry was glad of his fires and thick walls every time he passed the Durmstrang ship on the lake, swaying in the harsh winds, its black sails billowing.
against the dark skies.  He thought the Beauxbatons caravan might also be quite cold. Hagrid, he noticed, was supplying Madame Maxime's horses with their favorite drink, single malt whiskey; the fumes billowing from the water trough in the corner of their enclosure were enough to make the entire Care of Magical Creatures class dizzy.  This was of no use, as they were still dealing with the horrible skrewts and needed their intelligence.
"I don't know if they hibernate or not," Hagrid told the shivering class in the windy pumpkin patch during the next lesson.  "I thought we'd just try to see if they want a kip... we'll just put them in these boxes..."
There were only ten skrewts left; apparently, their desire to kill each other had not manifested itself in them.  Each of them was now nearly six feet long.  Their thick gray armor; their powerful and fast legs; their incendiary extremities; their stings and suckers, combined to make skrewts, the most disgusting things Harry had ever seen.  The class looked dejectedly at the huge boxes Hagrid had brought out, all stuffed with pillows and soft blankets.
“We'll just drive them here,” said Hagrid, “and put the lids on, and we'll see what happens.”
But the skrewts, as it turned out, did not hibernate and did not enjoy being locked in boxes covered with pillows and nailed into them. Hagrid was quick to shout, "Don't panic, now don't panic!" while the skrewts ran wild around the pumpkin patch, now dotted with smoldering wreck of crates.  Most of the class – Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle in the lead – had fled into Hagrid's cabin through the back door and barricaded themselves there; Harry, Ron and Hermione, however, were among those who stayed outside to try to help Hagrid.  Together they managed to restrain and tie up nine of the skrewts, but at the cost of numerous burns and cuts; finally, there was only one skrewt left.
“Don’t scare him now!”  Hagrid shouted as Ron and Harry used their wands to fire streams of flaming sparks at the skrewt, which advanced menacingly towards them, its stinger arched and quivering on its back.  "Just try to wrap the rope around his prick, that way he won't hurt any of the others!"
“Yeah, we wouldn’t want that!” Ron shouted angrily as he and Harry backed up against the wall of Hagrid's cabin, still holding back the skrewt with their sparks.
“Well, well… that looks like fun.”
Rita Skeeter was leaning against the fence of Hagrid's garden, watching the chaos.  Today she wore a thick magenta cape with a purple fur collar and her crocodile skin purse was on her arm.
Hagrid lunged forward at the skrewt that was pinning Harry and Ron and flattened it; an explosion of fire erupts from its tip, withering the nearby pumpkin plants.
"Who are you?"  Hagrid asked Rita Skeeter as he slipped a loop of rope around the skrewt's sting and pulled it tight.
“Rita Skeeter, reporter for the Daily Prophet,” Rita replied, beaming. His gold teeth shined.
"I thought Dumbledore said you weren't allowed in the school anymore," Hagrid said, frowning slightly as he got off the slightly crushed skrewt and began dragging him towards his classmates.
Rita acted as if she hadn't heard what Hagrid had said.
“What are these fascinating creatures called?” » she asked, beaming even more.
“Skrewts with explosive ends,” Hagrid growled.
"Really?"  » said Rita, apparently full of keen interest.  "I've never heard of them before...where do they come from?"
Harry noticed a dull blush rising from Hagrid's wild black beard, and his heart sank.  Where did Hagrid get the skrewts from?  Hermione, who seemed to be thinking along these lines, quickly said, "They're very interesting, aren't they?" Is not it. Harry?
"What? Oh yeah... ouch... interesting," Harry said as she stepped on his foot.
“Ah, there you are. Harry!  Rita Skeeter said looking around.  "So you like Care of Magical Creatures, don't you? One of your favorite lessons?"
"Yes," Harry said firmly. Hagrid smiled at him.
“Lovely,” said Rita. "Really lovely. Have you been teaching for a long time?" » she added to Hagrid.
Harry noticed his eyes landing on Dean (who had a nasty cut on one cheek). Lavender (whose robes were badly scorched), Seamus (who was tending to several burned fingers), then to the cabin windows, where most of the students were standing with their noses pressed against the glass, waiting to see if the coast was clear .
“It’s my second year,” Hagrid said.
"Charming...I suppose you wouldn't like to give an interview, would you? Share some of your experience with magical creatures? The Prophet publishes a zoological column every Wednesday, as I'm sure you know. We could feature these - uh - Bang-Ended Scoots.
"Skrewts with explosive ends," Hagrid said eagerly.  “Um… yeah, why not?”
Harry had a very bad feeling about this, but there was no way of communicating it to Hagrid without Rita Skeeter seeing it, so he had to stand and watch silently while Hagrid and Rita Skeeter made arrangements to meet at the Three Broomsticks for quite a while. interview later this week.  Then the bell rang at the castle, signaling the end of class.
"Well, goodbye, Harry!" Rita Skeeter called happily as he left with Ron and Hermione.  “So until Friday night, Hagrid!”
"She'll twist everything he says," Harry said under his breath.
"As long as he didn't import those skrewts illegally or anything," Hermione said desperately.  They looked at each other – it was just the sort of thing Hagrid could do.
"Hagrids has been in a lot of trouble before, and Dumbledores never sent him away," Ron said comfortingly.  "The worst that could happen is Hagrid has to get rid of the skrewts. Sorry...did I say worst? I meant best."
Harry and Hermione laughed and, feeling a little more cheerful, left for lunch.
Harry thoroughly enjoyed the double divination that afternoon; they were still making star charts and predictions, but now that he and Ron were friends again, it all seemed very funny again.  Professor Trelawney, who had been so pleased with both of them when they predicted their own gruesome deaths, quickly became irritated as they snickered through his explanation of the various ways Pluto could disrupt daily life.
"I would think," she said in a mystical whisper that did not hide her obvious annoyance, "that some of us" - she looked at Harry very significantly - "would perhaps have been a little less frivolous s 'they had seen what I saw during my cryI watched last night.  As I sat here, engrossed in my needlework, the urge to consult the orb overcame me.  I got up, sat in front of it and gazed at its crystalline depths. . . and what do you think I saw when I looked at you? »
“An ugly old bat with over-the-top features?” » Ron muttered under his breath.
Harry fought hard to keep his face straight.
“Death, my darlings.”
Parvati and Lavender both put their hands over their mouths, looking horrified.
"Yes," said Professor Trelawney, nodding impressively, "it's getting closer and closer, circling above us like a vulture, ever lower... ever lower above the castle ..."
She stared at Harry, who was yawning very wide and visibly.
"It would be a little more impressive if she hadn't done it about eighty times before," Harry said as they finally returned to the fresh air of the stairs below Professor Trelawney's room.  “But if I had died every time she told me I would, I would be a medical miracle.”
"You'd be some kind of extra-focused ghost," Ron said, chuckling, as they passed the Bloody Baron going in the opposite direction, his wide eyes staring at him sinisterly.  "At least we didn't have homework." I hope Hermione got rid of Professor Vector, I like not working when she does..."
But Hermione wasn't at dinner, nor in the library when they went to pick her up afterwards.  The only person there was Viktor Krum.  Ron stood behind the bookshelves for a moment, watching Krum, debating with Harry quietly whether he should ask for an autograph - but then Ron realized that six or seven girls were hiding in the next row of books, debating the exact same thing, and he lost his enthusiasm for the idea.
“I wonder where she’s going?” Ron said as he and Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower.
“I don’t know…slander.”
But the Fat Lady had barely started to move forward when the sound of hurried footsteps behind them announced Hermione's arrival.
“Harry! » she panted, stopping next to him (the Fat Lady looked at her, her eyebrows raised).  “Harry, you have to come – you have to come, the most incredible thing has happened – please –”
She grabbed Harry's arm and started trying to drag him down the corridor.
"What is the problem?"  » Harry said.
"I'll show you when we get there - oh come on, quickly -"
Harry looked around at Ron; he looked at Harry, intrigued.
"Okay," Harry said, heading back down the corridor with Hermione, Ron hurrying to follow.
“Oh, I don’t mind!” called the Fat Lady irritably.  "Don't apologize for bothering me! I'm going to stay here, wide open, until you come back, okay?"
"Yes thanks!" Ron shouted over his shoulder.
"Hermione, where are we going?"  » asked Harry, after she had led
I took them down six flights of stairs and started down the marble staircase to the lobby.
“You’ll see, you’ll see in a minute!”  Hermione said enthusiastically.
She turned left at the bottom of the stairs and rushed towards the door Cedric Diggory had passed through the night after the Goblet of Fire had regurgitated his and Harry's names.  Harry had never been this way before.  He and Ron followed Hermione up a flight of stone steps, but instead of ending up in a dark underground passage like the one that led to Snape's dungeon, they found themselves in a wide stone corridor, well lit by torches and decorated joyful paintings. it was mostly about food.
"Oh wait..." Harry said slowly, halfway down the corridor. "Wait a minute, Hermione. . . ."
"What?" She turned to look at him, anticipation all over her face.
"I know what it is," Harry said.
He nudged Ron and pointed to the board just behind Hermione.  He showed a gigantic silver fruit bowl.
“Hermione! » Ron said, holding on.  “You’re trying to drag us into this spitting thing again! »
“No, no, I’m not!” » she said hurriedly. "And it's not spit, Ron -"
“You changed the name, didn’t you?”  Ron said with a frown.  “What are we now, then, the House Elf Liberation Front? I’m not going to barge into this kitchen and try to make them stop working, I’m not –”
“I’m not asking you!”  » Hermione said impatiently.  "I came here earlier to talk to them all, and I found out – oh come on, Harry, I want to show you!"
She grabbed his arm again, pulled him in front of the image of the giant bowl of fruit, extended her index finger and tickled the enormous green pear.  She began to squirm, to laugh, and suddenly transformed into a large green doorknob.  Hermione grabbed it, opened the door and pushed Harry hard in the back, forcing him inside.
He caught a brief glimpse of an enormous, high-ceilinged room, as large as the Great Hall above, with mounds of glistening brass pots and pans piled around the stone walls, and a large brick fireplace at the top. At the other end, when something small rushed out. towards him from the middle of the room, shouting, “Harry Potter, sir!” Harry Potter!
The next second, all the breath was taken from him as the screaming elf hit him hard.d in the stomach, squeezing him so hard he thought his ribs were going to break.
“D-Dobby?” Harry gasped.
“It’s Dobby, sir, it is!”  » shouted the voice from somewhere around his navel.  "Dobby was hoping and hoping to see Harry Potter, sir, and Harry Potter has come to see him, sir!"
Dobby let go and took a few steps back, beaming at Harry, his huge green tennis ball eyes brimming with tears of happiness.  He looked almost exactly as Harry remembered him; the pencil-shaped nose, the bat ears, the long fingers and feet – everything except the clothes, which were very different.
When Dobby worked for the Malfoys, he always wore the same old, dirty pillowcase.  Now, however, he was wearing the strangest assortment of clothes Harry had ever seen; he had done an even worse job of dressing than the Wizards at the World Cup.  He wore a tea cozier as a hat, on which he had pinned a number of shiny badges; a horseshoe-patterned tie across a bare chest, a pair of what looked like children's soccer shorts, and some weird socks.  One of them, Harry saw, was the black one that Harry had removed from his own foot and tricked Mr. Malfoy into giving it to Dobby, thus freeing Dobby.  The other was covered in pink and orange stripes.
"Dobby, what are you doing here?" » Harry said in astonishment. "Dobby has come to work at Hogwarts, sir!" Dobby squealed excitedly.  "Professor Dumbledore has given Dobby and Winky some work, sir!"
“Winky?”  Harry said.  “Is she there too?”
“Yes, sir, yes!”  Dobby said, and grabbed Harry's hand and led him into the kitchen between the four long wooden tables that stood there.  Each of these tables, Harry noticed as he passed them, was positioned exactly under the four House tables above in the Great Hall. At the moment they had nothing left to eat, dinner having finished, but he supposed that an hour ago they had been loaded with dishes which were then sent through the ceiling to their counterparts above.
At least a hundred little elves stood around the kitchen, beaming, bowing and curtsying as Dobby led Harry past them.  They all wore the same uniform: a cloth stamped with the Hogwarts crest and tied, like Winky's had been, like a toga.
Dobby stopped in front of the brick fireplace and pointed.
“Winky, sir!”  he said.
Winky was sitting on a stool by the fire.  Unlike Dobby, she obviously hadn't been looking for clothes.  She wore a cute little skirt and blouse with a matching blue hat, which had holes for her big ears.  However, while each of Dobby's strange clothes was so clean and well-maintained that they looked brand new, Winky clearly didn't take care of the other clothes.  There were soup stains on her blouse and a burn on her skirt.
"Hello, Winky," Harry said.
Winky's lip quivered. Then she burst into tears, which welled up in her big brown eyes and splashed onto her forehead, just like they had during the Quidditch World Cup.
"Oh my God," Hermione said.  She and Ron had followed Harry and Dobby to the end of the kitchen.  “Winky, don’t cry, please don’t…”
But Winky was crying harder than ever.  Dobby, for his part, smiled at Harry.
"Would Harry Potter like a cup of tea?" » he squealed loudly, despite Winky's sobs.
"Um... yeah, okay," Harry said.
Instantly, about six house elves came trotting up behind him, carrying a large silver tray loaded with a pot of tea, mugs for Harry, Ron and Hermione, a milk jug and a large plate of biscuits.
"Good service!"  » Ron said in an impressed voice.  Hermione frowned, but the elves all seemed pleased; they bowed low and stepped back.
“How long have you been here, Dobby?”  Harry asked as Dobby handed him the tea.
"Only a week. Harry Potter, sir!"  Dobby said happily.  "Dobby has come to see Professor Dumbledore, sir. You see, sir, it is very difficult for a house elf who has been made redundant to get a new position, sir, very difficult indeed -"
At this, Winky screamed even louder, her crushed tomato nose dripping down her front, though she made no effort to stem the flow.
“Dobby traveled the country for two whole years, sir, trying to find work!”  Dobby squealed.  "But Dobby hasn't found a job, sir, because Dobby wants to pay now!"
The house elves around the kitchen, who had been listening and watching with interest, all looked away at these words, as if Dobby had said something rude and embarrassing.  Hermione, however, said, "Good for you, Dobby!"
"Thank you miss!"  Dobby said, smiling brightly at him.  "But most wizards don't want a house elf who wants to pay, miss. 'That's not the point of a house elf,' they say, and they slam the door in his face. Dobby! Dobby likes to work, but he wants to wear clothes and he wants to get paid Harry Potter... Dobby likes to be free!
The Hogwarts house elves had now started to move away from Dobby, as if he was carrying something contagious.  Winky, however, stayed where she was, although there was some debate.limited increase in volume of other cries.
"And then, Harry Potter, Dobby goes to visit Winky and finds out that Winky has been freed too, sir!"  » said Dobby delighted.
At this, Winky threw himself forward from his stool and lay face down on the flagged stone floor, pounding on it with his little fists and positively screaming in misery.  Hermione hurriedly knelt down beside her and tried to comfort her, but nothing she said made any difference.  Dobby continued his story, shouting shrilly over Winky's screams.
"And then Dobby had the idea. Harry Potter, sir! 'Why can't Dobby and Winky get a job together?'  Dobby asks, "Where is there enough work for two house elves?" said Winky, and Dobby thought, and it came to him, sir! Professor Dumbledore took care of us!
Dobby beamed very brightly and tears of joy came to his eyes again.
"And Professor Dumbledore says he will pay Dobby, sir, if Dobby wants to pay!" And so Dobby is a free elf, sir, and Dobby gets a galleon a week and a day off a month!
"It's not a lot!" Hermione shouted indignantly from the ground, despite Winky's continued screams and punches.
"Professor Dumbledore offered Dobby ten galleons a week and weekends off," said Dobby, suddenly giving a little shudder, as if the prospect of so much leisure and wealth was frightening, "but Dobby beat him , miss... Dobby likes freedom, miss, but he doesn't want too much, miss, he prefers work.
"And how much does Professor Dumbledore pay you, Winky?" » asked Hermione kindly.
If she thought this would cheer Winky up, she was sorely mistaken.  Winky stopped crying, but when she sat up, she was staring at Hermione through her huge brown eyes, her entire face wet and suddenly angry.
"Winky is a disgraced elf, but Winky hasn't been paid yet!" she squealed.  "Winky is not that low! Winky is really ashamed to be freed!"
"Ashamed?"  Hermione said blankly.  "But - Winky, come on! It's Mr. Crouch who should be ashamed, not you! You didn't do anything wrong, he was really horrible to you -"
But at these words, Winky placed her hands on the holes in her hat, flattening her ears so that she could not hear a word, and shouted: “You are not insulting my master, miss! You are not insulting Mr. Crouch! Mr. Crouch is a good wizard, miss! Mr. Crouch is right to fire evil Winky!”
"Winky's having a hard time adjusting, Harry Potter," Dobby squeaked confidentially. “Winky forgets that she is no longer related to Mr. Crouch; she's allowed to say what she thinks now, but she won't.
"Can't house elves say what they think of their masters, then?" » Harry asked.
“Oh no, sir, no,” Dobby said, suddenly looking serious.  "This is part of house-elf slavery, sir. We keep their secrets and our silence, sir. We defend the family honor, and we never speak ill of them - although Professor Dumbledore told Dobby he didn't insist on it. Professor Dumbledore said we were free to... to..."
Dobby suddenly looked nervous and motioned for Harry to come closer.  Harry leaned forward. Dobby muttered, "He said we were free to call him a…old fool if we wanted, sir!"
Dobby laughed frightenedly.
"But Dobby doesn't want it, Harry Potter," he said, speaking normally again, and shaking his head so that his ears fluttered.  "Dobby is very fond of Professor Dumbledore, sir, and is proud to keep his secrets and our silence to himself."
"But you can say whatever you want about the Malfoys now?" » Harry asked him, smiling.
A slightly fearful look passed through Dobby's huge eyes.
"Dobby – Dobby might," he said doubtfully. He straightened his little shoulders.  "Dobby could tell Harry Potter that his former masters were - were - evil dark wizards."
Dobby stood for a moment, shuddering all over, struck with horror at his own audacity - then he rushed to the nearest table and started banging his head on it very hard, shouting: "Naughty Dobby! Bad Dobby!
Harry grabbed Dobby by the back of his tie and pulled him away from the table.
"Thank you. Harry Potter, thank you," Dobby said breathlessly, rubbing his head.
"You just need a little practice," Harry said.
"Practical!"  » shouted Winky furiously.  “You should be ashamed, Dobby, of speaking like that about your masters!”
“They’re not my masters anymore, Winky!”  » Dobby said defiantly.  “Dobby doesn’t care what they think anymore!”
"Oh, you're a bad elf, Dobby!"  Winky wailed, tears streaming down her face again.  "My poor Mr. Crouch, what is he doing without Winky? He needs me, he needs my help! I've taken care of the Crouchs all my life, and my mother did it before me, and my grandmother did it. do." in front of her… oh, what would they say if they knew Winky was released? Oh, what a shame, what a shame! » She buried her face in her skirt again and bawled.
"Winky," Hermione said firmly, "I'm sure Mr. Crouch gets along just fine withoutYou. We saw it, you know -"
“Do you see my master?”  Winky said breathlessly, pulling her tearful face out of her skirt again and looking at Hermione with wide eyes.  "Do you see him here at Hogwarts?"
"Yes," Hermione said, "he and Mr. Bagman are judges in the Triwizard Tournament."
"Mr. Bagman is coming too?" Winky squealed, and much to Harry's surprise (and Ron and Hermione too, judging by their expressions), she looked angry again.  "Mr. Bagman is a bad wizard! A very bad wizard! My master doesn't like him, oh no, not at all!"
“Bagman – bad?”  Harry said.
"Oh yes," said Winky, nodding furiously, "My master tells Winky some things! But Winky doesn't say anything... Winky - Winky keeps her master's secrets...."
She burst into tears once again; she could be heard sobbing into her skirt: “Poor master, poor master, no more Winky to help him!”
They couldn't get another sensible word out of Winky.  They left her to cry and finished their tea, while Dobby happily chatted about his life as a free elf and his plans for his salary.
“Dobby is going to buy a sweater next, Harry Potter!” he said happily, pointing to his bare chest,
"Tell you what, Dobby," said Ron, who seemed to have really liked the elf, "I'll give you the one my mother knitted for me this Christmas, I always get one from her. Don't you mind . brown, and you?
Dobby was delighted.
"We might have to shrink it a little to fit you," Ron told him, "but it'll look good with your tea cosy."
As they prepared to take their leave, many elves from the surrounding area rushed up to them, offering them snacks to take back upstairs.  Hermione refused, with a pained look at the way the elves continued to bow and curtsy, but Harry and Ron loaded their pockets with cream cakes and tarts.
"Thank you so much!" » Harry said to the elves, who had all gathered around the door to wish them good night.  “See you, Dobby!”
"Harry Potter... Can Dobby come see you sometime, sir?"  » Dobby asked shyly.
"Of course you can," Harry said, and Dobby beamed.
"You know what?"  Ron said, once he, Hermione and Harry had left the kitchens and walked up the steps to the entrance hall again.  "All these years I've been really impressed by Fred and George, who were taking food from the kitchens - well, it's not really difficult, is it? They can't wait to offer it !”
"I think it's the best thing that could happen to these elves, you know," Hermione said, walking up the marble staircase.  “Dobby comes to work here, I mean. The other elves will see how happy he is to be free, and little by little they will understand that they want that too!
"Let's hope they don't look at Winky too closely," Harry said.
"Oh, she'll cheer you up," Hermione said, although she seemed a little doubtful.  "Once the shock wears off and she's used to Hogwarts, she'll see how much better she is without that man Crouch."
“She seems to like it,” Ron said thickly (he had just started a cream cake).
"But she doesn't think much of Bagman, does she?"  Harry said.  "I wonder what Crouch says about him at home?"
"That probably says he's not a very good head of department," Hermione said, "and let's face it...he's right, right?"
"I'd rather work for him than for old Crouch," Ron said. “At least Bagman has a sense of humor.”
"Don't let Percy hear you say that," Hermione said, smiling slightly.
"Yeah, well, Percy wouldn't want to work for someone with a sense of humor, would he?" » Ron said, now starting a chocolate éclair.  "Percy wouldn't know a joke if she danced naked in front of him, wearing Dobby's tea cosy."

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO - THE UNEXPECTED TASK

Potter!  Weasley!  Will you be careful? »
Professor McGonagall's irritated voice cracked like a whip during Thursday's Transfiguration lesson, and Harry and Ron jumped and looked up.
It was the end of the lesson; they had finished their work; the guinea fowl that they had turned into guinea pigs had been locked in a large cage on Professor McGonagall's desk (Neville's still had feathers); they had copied their homework on the board ("Describe, with examples, how transformation spells should be adapted when performing species changes"). The bell was to ring at any time, and Harry and Ron , who was sword fighting with some of Fred and George's fake wands at the back of the class, looked up, Ron holding a tin parrot and Harry holding a rubber haddock.
"Now that Potter and Weasley have been kind enough to act their age," Professor McGonagall said, glaring at the two of them as Harry's haddock's head fell and fell silently to the floor - Ron's parrot's beak had cut it off for a few moments. before – “I have something to tell you all.
"The Yule Ball is approaching - a traditional part of the Triwizard Tournament and an opportunity for us to socialize with our foreign guests. From now on, the ball will only be open to fourth years and above - although you can do that.Invite a younger student if you wish -"
Lavender Brown let out a shrill laugh.  Parvati Patil elbowed him hard in the ribs, her face working furiously as she too fought not to laugh.  They both looked at Harry, Professor McGonagall ignored them, which Harry clearly found unfair, since she had just scolded him and Ron.
"Fancy dresses will be worn," Professor McGonagall continued, "and the ball will begin at eight o'clock on Christmas Day and end at midnight in the Great Hall. Now then -"
Professor McGonagall looked around the class deliberately.
“The Yule Ball is of course an opportunity for us all to… uh… let loose,” she said in a disapproving voice.
Lavender laughed harder than ever, her hand pressed to her mouth to muffle the sound.  Harry could see what was funny this time: Professor McGonagall, with her hair in a tight bun, looked like she'd never let her hair down.
"But this does NOT mean," Professor McGonagall continued, "that we are going to relax the standards of behavior we expect of Hogwarts students. I would be very seriously displeased if a Gryffindor student embarrasses the school in any way ."
The bell rang and there was the usual rush as everyone packed their bags and slung them over their shoulders.
» Professor McGonagall called over the noise, "Potter – a word, please."
Assuming it had something to do with his headless rubber haddock, Harry walked gloomily towards the professor's office.  Professor McGonagall waited until the rest of the class had left, then said, "Potter, the champions and their partners..."
“Which partners?” Harry said.
Professor McGonagall looked at him warily, as if she thought he was trying to be funny.
"Your partners for the Yule Ball, Potter," she said coldly. “Your dance partners.”
Harry's insides seemed to curl up and shrivel.
“Dance partners?”  He felt himself turn red.  “I don’t dance,” he said quickly.
"Oh yes, that's true," Professor McGonagall said irritably.  "That's what I'm telling you. Traditionally, it's the champions and their partners who get the ball rolling."
Harry had a sudden mental image of himself in a top hat and tailcoat, accompanied by a girl in the kind of frilly dress Aunt Petunia always wore to Uncle Vernon's work parties. .
“I don’t dance,” he said.
"It's traditional," Professor McGonagall said firmly. "You are a champion of Hogwarts and you will do what is expected of you as a representative of the school. So make sure you find yourself a partner, Potter."
"But I do not-"
"You heard me, Potter," Professor McGonagall said very conclusively.

A week ago.  Harry reportedly said that finding a partner for a dance would be child's play compared to facing a Hungarian Horntail.  But now that he had done the latter and was faced with the prospect of asking a girl to the ball, he thought he would rather have another game with the dragon.
Harry had never seen so many people sign up to stay at Hogwarts for Christmas; he always did, of course, because the alternative was usually to return to Privet Drive, but he had always been very much in the minority before.  This year, however, everyone in fourth year and up seemed to be staying, and Harry all seemed obsessed with the upcoming ball - or at least all the girls were, and it was amazing how many Hogwarts girls suddenly seemed obsessed with the ball to come. socket; he'd never really noticed it before.  Girls laughing and whispering in the hallways, girls screaming with laughter as boys walked past them, girls excitedly comparing notes on what they were going to wear on Christmas Eve... .
“Why do they have to travel in packs?”  Harry asked Ron as a dozen girls walked past them, giggling and staring at Harry.  “How are you supposed to get one on your own to ask them?”
“A lasso?”  » suggested Ron.  “Do you have any idea who you’re going to try?”
Harry didn't answer. He knew perfectly well who he would like to speak to, but finding the courage was something else. . . . Cho was a year older than him; she was very pretty; she was a very good Quidditch player and she was also very popular.
Ron seemed to know what was going through Harry's head.
"Look, you won't have any problems. You're a champion. You just beat a Hungarian Horntail. I bet they'll be lining up to go with you."
As a tribute to their recently restored friendship, Ron had kept the bitterness in his voice to a bare minimum.  Moreover, much to Harry's surprise, it turned out that he was absolutely right.
A curly-haired third year Hufflepuff girl that Harry had never spoken to in his life asked him to go to the ball with her the next day.  Harry was so surprised that he said no before even thinking about the question.  The girl walked away looking rather hurt, and Harry had to endure Dean, Seamus, and Ron's taunts about her throughout the History of Magic. The next day, two other girls asked her, a second year and (to her horror) a fifth year who seemed to be herself.could knock him out if he refused.
"She was quite pretty," Ron said honestly, after he stopped laughing.
"She was a foot taller than me," Harry said, still annoyed. “Imagine what I would look like trying to dance with her.”
Hermione's words about Krum kept coming back to her. “They only like him because he’s famous!”  Harry very much doubted that any of the girls who had asked to be his partner so far would have wanted to go to the ball with him if he hadn't been a school champion.  Then he wondered if he would mind if Cho asked him.
Generally. Harry had to admit that even with the embarrassing prospect of leading the ball before him, life had definitely improved since he completed the first task.  He no longer attracted as much trouble in the halls, which he thought had a lot to do with Cedric - he had the idea that Cedric might have told the Hufflepuffs to leave Harry alone, in thanks for the information Harry about dragons. .  There seemed to be less support for Cedric Diggory! badges too.  Draco Malfoy, of course, was still quoting Rita Skeeter's article to him at every possible opportunity, but he was laughing about it less and less - and just to increase Harry's sense of well-being, no stories about Hagrid were appeared in the Prophet of the day.
"She didn't seem very interested in magical creatures, to tell you the truth," said Hagrid, when Harry, Ron and Hermione asked him how his interview with Rita Skeeter went during the last care lesson. magical creatures of the course. term.  Much to their relief, Hagrid had now abandoned any direct contact with the skrewts, and they were simply sheltering behind his hut today, sitting at a trestle table and preparing a new selection of food with which to tempt the skrewts.
"She just wanted me to talk about you, Harry," Hagrid continued in a low voice.  "Well, I told him we've been friends ever since I picked you up from the Dursleys. 'Have I never had to scold him in four years?'  she said. “He never played you in lesson, did he?” I told her no, and she didn't look happy at all. I thought she wanted me to say. How horrible you were, Harry.
"Of course she did," Harry said, tossing pieces of dragon liver into a large metal bowl and picking up his knife to cut more.  "She can't keep writing about the little tragic hero that I am, it'll get boring."
"She wants a new angle, Hagrid," Ron said wisely as he peeled salamander eggs.  "You were supposed to say that Harry is a crazy delinquent!"
"But this is not the case !" Hagrid said, looking genuinely shocked.
"She should have interviewed Snape," Harry said darkly. "He'd give him the goods any day. 'Potter has been crossing the line since he came to this school. . . .'"
"He said that, didn't he?"  Hagrid said, while Ron and Hermione laughed.  "Well, you may have bent a few rules. Harry, but you're really okay, aren't you?"
"Well done, Hagrid," Harry said, smiling.
“Are you coming to this ball on Christmas Day, Hagrid?”  Ron said.
"Although I could take a look, yeah," Hagrid said gruffly.  "That should be a good thing, I think. You'll be leading the dance, have you won, Harry? Who are you taking?"
"No one, yet," Harry said, feeling himself blush again.  Hagrid didn't delve further into the subject.
The last week of the term got louder and louder as it progressed. Rumors about the Yule Ball were everywhere, although Harry didn't believe half of them – for example, that Dumbledore had bought eight hundred barrels of hot mead from Madam Rosmerta. It seemed to be a fact, however, that he had booked the Weird Sisters.  Harry didn't know exactly who or what the Weird Sisters were, having never had access to a wizard's wireless network, but he inferred from the wild excitement of those who had grown up listening to WWN (Wizarding Wireless Network). that they were very famous musical group.
Some teachers, like little Professor Flitwick, gave up trying to teach them much when their minds were so clearly elsewhere; he allowed them to play games during his lesson on Wednesday and spent most of his time talking to Harry about the perfect summoning spell.
Harry had used it during the first task of the Triwizard Tournament.  The other teachers were not as generous.  Nothing could ever dissuade Professor Binns, for example, from continuing his notes on the goblin rebellions - since Binns had not let his own death stop him from continuing to teach, they assumed that a little thing like Christmas would not wasn't going to do it. put him off.  It was amazing how he could make even bloody, vicious goblin riots as boring as Percy's bottom-of-the-cauldron report.  Professors McGonagall and Moody also made them work until the very last second of their lessons, and Snape, of course, would no sooner let them play games in class than adopt Harry.  Glaring at them all evilly, he informed them that he would be testing them with poison antidotes during the last lesson of the term.
"Bad, he is," Ron said bitterly that night in theGryffindor common room. "Making us take a test on the last day. Ruining the last part of the term with a whole load of studying."
"Mmm...you don't really get tired, do you?"  Hermione said, looking at him over her potions notes.  Ron was busy building a house of cards with his Exploding Snap pack - a much more interesting hobby than with Muggle cards, due to the risk of everything exploding at any moment.
"It's Christmas, Hermione," Harry said lazily; he reread Flying with the Cannons for the tenth time in an armchair near the fire.
Hermione also looked at him sternly.  "I would have thought you would do something constructive, Harry, even if you don't want to learn your antidotes!"
"Like what?" Harry said as he watched the Cannons' Joey Jenkins belt a bludger towards a Ballycastle batcatcher.
“This egg!” »Hermione hissed.
"Come on, Hermione, I have until February 24th," Harry said.
He had put the golden egg upstairs in his trunk and hadn't opened it since the party after the first task. There were still two and a half months before he needed to know what all those shrill moans meant, after all.
“But it could take weeks to get there!” Hermione said.  “You'll look like a real idiot if everyone knows what the next task is and you don't!”
"Leave him alone, Hermione, he's earned a bit of a break," Ron said, and placed the last two cards on the castle and everything exploded, burning his eyebrows.
"Nice look, Ron… goes well with your dress, it will work."
It was Fred and George.  They sat at the table with Harry, Ron and Hermione as Ron felt how much damage had been done.
"Ron, can we borrow Pigwidgeon?"  » asked George.
"No, he's leaving to deliver a letter," Ron said.  "For what?"
“Because George wants to ask her to the ball,” Fred said sarcastically.
“Because we want to send a letter, you big idiot,” George said.
“Who are you two still writing to, huh?”  Ron said.
"Nose, Ron, or I'll burn this for you too," Fred said, waving his wand menacingly. “So… do you all have dates for the dance already?”
"No," Ron said.
“Well, you better hurry up, buddy, or all the good ones will be gone,” said Fred.
“Who are you going with, then?” Ron said.
"Angelina," Fred said quickly, without a trace of embarrassment.
"What?" » said Ron, taken aback.  “Have you ever asked him?”
“Good point,” Fred said. He turned his head and called across the common room, "Oi! Angelina!"
Angelina, who was chatting with Alicia Spinnet by the fire, looked at him.
"What?" she called back.
“Do you want to come to the ball with me?”
Angelina gave Fred an appraising look.
"Alright then," she said, and turned to Alicia and continued chatting with a small smile on her face.
“There you go,” Fred said to Harry and Ron, “this is a piece of cake.”
He stood up, yawning, and said, "We'd better use a school owl then, George, come on..."
They left.  Ron stopped feeling his eyebrows and looked at Harry through the smoking wreckage of his house of cards.
"We should go, you know... ask someone. He's right. We don't want to end up with a pair of trolls."
Hermione let out a cry of indignation.
“A pair of…what, excuse me?”
"Well, you know," Ron said with a shrug.  "I'd rather go alone than with... with Eloise Midgen, let's say."
“Her acne is getting a lot better lately – and she’s really nice!”
“His nose is off-center,” Ron said.
"Oh, I see," Hermione said, bristling.  "So basically, you're going to take the prettiest girl that'll get you, even if she's completely horrible?"
"Um – yeah, that seems about right," Ron said.  
"I'm going to bed," Hermione snapped, and headed towards the girls' stairs without another word.

The Hogwarts staff, demonstrating a constant desire to impress visitors to Beauxbatons and Durmstrang, seemed determined to show the castle in its best light this Christmas. When the decorations are up.  Harry noticed that they were the most breathtaking he had ever seen inside the school.  Eternal icicles were attached to the banisters of the marble staircase; the twelve usual Christmas trees in the Great Hall were adorned with everything from glowing holly berries to real hooting golden owls, and the suits of armor had all been enchanted to sing Christmas carols whenever someone passed in front of them.  It was quite something to hear “0 Come, All Ye Faithful” sung by empty headphones who only knew half the words.  On several occasions, Filch, the guard, had to extract Peeves from inside the armor, where he had been hiding, filling in the gaps in the songs with lyrics of his own invention, all of which were very crude.
And even.  Harry hadn't asked Cho to the ball.  He and Ron were getting very nervous now, although, as Harry pointed out, Ron would look a lot less stupid than without a partner;
Harry was supposed to start the dance with the other champions.
"I guess there's always M“I lend some Myrtle,” he said darkly, referring to the ghost that haunted the girls’ bathroom on the second floor.
“Harry, we just have to grit our teeth and do it,” Ron said Friday morning, in a tone that suggested they were preparing to take an impregnable fortress.  "When we come back to the common room tonight, we'll both have partners - okay?"
"Um...ok," Harry said.
But every time he saw Cho that day – during break, then at lunch, and once on the way to History of Magic – she was surrounded by friends.  Has she never gone anywhere alone?  Could he perhaps ambush her as she entered the bathroom?  But no, she even seemed to go there accompanied by four or five girls.  Still, if he didn't do it quickly, someone else would surely have asked him.
He had difficulty concentrating on Snape's potions test, and as a result forgot to add the key ingredient – ​​a bezoar – which meant he received poor grades.  But he didn't care; he was too busy gathering his courage for what he was about to do.  When the bell rang, he grabbed his bag and rushed to the dungeon door.
"I'll meet you at dinner," he told Ron and Hermione, and hurried upstairs.
All he would have to do was ask Cho for a private word, that was all. …He rushed through the crowded halls looking for her and (rather than expected) he found her, coming out of a Defense Against the Dark Arts class.
"Uh-Cho? Can I have a word with you?"
Laughter should be banned. Harry thought furiously, as all the girls around Cho started doing it.  But she didn't do it.  She said, “Okay,” and followed him out of earshot of the other classmates.
Harry turned to look at her and his stomach did a strange lurch as if he had missed a step on the way down.
“Uh,” he said.
He couldn't ask her.  He could not.  But it had to be done.  Cho stood there, perplexed, looking at him.  The words came out before Harry had finished speaking them with his tongue.
“Wangoballwime? »
"Sorry?"  Cho said.
“You… you want to go to the ball with me?”  Harry said.  Why did it have to turn red now? For what?
"Oh!" s helps Cho, and she turned red too.  "Oh Harry, I'm so sorry," and she really looked at him.  “I already said I would go with someone else.”
"Oh," Harry said.
It was strange; a moment before his insides were writhing like snakes, but suddenly he didn't seem to have any at all.
“Oh, okay,” he said, “no problem.”
“I’m so sorry,” she said again.
"It's okay," Harry said.
They stood there looking at each other, then Cho said, "Well..."
"Yeah," Harry said.
“Well, goodbye,” Cho said, still very red.  She walked away.
» Harry called, before he could stop himself.
"Who are you going with ?"
“Oh… Cedric,” she said. “Cedric Diggory.”
"Oh, that's right," Harry said.
His insides had returned.  It was as if they had been filled with lead in their absence.
Completely forgetting about dinner, he slowly walked back up to Gryffindor Tower, Cho's voice ringing in his ears with every step he took. “Cedric – Cedric Diggory.”  He was starting to like Cedric – ready to forget the fact that he had once beaten him in Quidditch, that he was handsome, popular and almost everyone's favorite champion.  Now he suddenly realized that Cedric was actually a useless pretty boy who didn't have enough brains to fill an egg cup.
“Garlands of lights,” he said dully to the Fat Lady – the password had been changed the day before.
“Yes, indeed, darling!”  she trilled, straightening her new tinsel headband as she turned to him to admit it.
Entering the common room, Harry looked around and, to his surprise, he saw Ron sitting, ashen-faced, in the far corner.  Ginny was sitting next to him, speaking to him in a voice that seemed to be low and soothing.
"What's up, Ron?" Harry said as he joined them.
Ron looked up at Harry, a sort of blind horror on his face.
“Why did I do it?” he said wildly.  “I don’t know what made me do that!
"What?" Harry said.
"He... uh... just asked Fleur Delacour to go to the ball with him," Ginny said.  She seemed to be holding back a smile, but she continued to pat Ron's arm sympathetically.
"You what?' Harry said.
“I don’t know what made me do that!”  Ron gasped again.  "What was I playing? There were people - all around - I went crazy - everyone was watching! I was walking right past her in the lobby - she was standing there talking to Diggory - and It kind of came to me – and I asked him!”
Ron groaned and put his face in his hands.  He continued speaking, although the words were barely distinguishable.
"She looked at me like I was a sea slug or something. She didn't even respond. And then - I don't know - I kind of came to my senses and I ran to get it."
"She's part Veela," Harry said.  "You were right – her grandmother was one. It wasn't your fault, I bet you were just walking past when she was turning on the old charm for Diggory and you had a blast – but she was losing his time. He leaves with Cho Chang."
Ron looked up.
"I asked him tocome with me later,” Harry said dully, “and she told me.”
Ginny had suddenly stopped smiling.
“It’s crazy,” Ron said.  "We're the only ones who don't have anyone – well, except Neville." Hey – guess who he asked? Hermione!
"What?" » Harry said, completely distracted by this surprising news.
"Yeah, I know!"  Ron said, some color returning to his face as he started to laugh.  "He told me after potions!" He said she had always been very nice, helping him with work and stuff – but she told him she was already going with someone. Ha! As if ! She just didn't want to go with Neville... I mean, who would?
"Don't do it!" » said Ginny, annoyed. "Do not laugh -"
At that moment, Hermione entered through the portrait hole.
“Why weren’t you two at dinner?”  she said, coming to join them.
"Because - oh shut up, you two - because they both just got turned down by the girls they asked to the dance!"  said Ginny.
This silenced Harry and Ron.
"Thank you very much, Ginny," Ron said sourly.
"Have all the best ones been taken, Ron?"  Hermione said haughtily.  "Eloise Midgen is starting to look rather pretty now, isn't she? Well, I'm sure you'll find someone somewhere who'll get you."
But Ron was looking at Hermione as if he suddenly saw her in a whole new light.
“Hermione, Neville is right – you’re a girl…”
“Oh, well spotted,” she said acidly.
“Well, you can come with one of us!”
"No, I can't," Hermione replied.
"Oh come on," he said impatiently, "we need partners, we'll look really stupid if we don't have them, everyone does..."
"I can't go with you," Hermione said, blushing now, "because I'm already going with someone."
"No, this is not the case!"  Ron said. "You just said that to get rid of Neville!"
"Oh that's right ?" Hermione said, and her eyes flashed dangerously.  "Just because it took you three years to notice, Ron, doesn't mean no one else noticed I was a girl!"
Ron looked at her. Then he smiled again.
“Okay, okay, we know you’re a girl,” he said.  "Is that true? Do you want to come now?"
"I already told you!"  » said Hermione very angry.  “I’m going with someone else!”
And she stormed off towards the girls' dormitories.
"She's lying," Ron said flatly, watching her leave.
"It's not," Ginny said softly.
"Who is it then?"  » Ron said abruptly.
"I'm not telling you, it's his business," Ginny said.
"Okay," said Ron, looking extremely upset, "this is getting stupid. Ginny, you can go with Harry, and I'll just -"
"I can't," Ginny said, and she turned scarlet too. "I'm going with - with Neville. He asked me when Hermione said no, and I thought... well... I won't be able to go otherwise, I'm not in fourth year."  She looked extremely miserable.  “I think I'll go to dinner,” she said, and she got up and walked towards the portrait hole with her head bowed.
Ron looked at Harry with wide eyes.
“What’s the matter with them?”  he ordered.
But Harry had just seen Parvati and Lavender enter through the portrait hole. The time had come for drastic action.
"Wait here," he said to Ron, and he stood up, walked straight to Parvati and said, "Parvati? Do you want to go to the ball with me?"
Parvati burst out laughing.  Harry waited for them to calm down, fingers crossed in the pocket of his robes.
"Yes, very well then," she finally said, blushing furiously.
"Thank you," Harry said, relieved.  "Lavender – will you come with Ron?"
"She's going with Seamus," Parvati said, and the two laughed harder than ever.
Harry sighed.
"Can't you think of anyone who would go with Ron?"  he said, lowering his voice so Ron wouldn't hear.
"What about Hermione Granger?"  » said Parvati.
“She’s going with someone else.”
Parvati looked surprised.
“Ooooh – who?”  » she said quickly.
Harry shrugged. “No idea,” he said.  "So, Ron?"
"GOOD. . ." Parvati said slowly, "I suppose my sister could... Padma, you know... in Ravenclaw. I'll ask her if you want."
"Yeah, that would be great," Harry said.  “Let me know, will you? »
And he came back to Ron, feeling that this bullet was more trouble than it was worth, and really hoping that Padma Patil's nose was dead center.

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE - THE CHRISTMAS BALL

Despite the very heavy homework load that the fourth years had received for the holidays.  Harry was not in the mood to work at the end of term and spent the week before Christmas having as much fun as possible with everyone.  Gryffindor Tower was hardly less crowded now than in school days; it also seemed to have shrunk slightly, as its inhabitants were much more rowdy than usual.  Fred and George had had great success with their creams in the Canaries, and during the first days of the holidays people were bursting with joy everywhere.  However, before long, all Gryffindors had learned to treat food that someone else offered them with extreme caution, in case it contained a hidden Canary Cream in the center, and George confided to Harry that he and Fred were now working ondevelop something else.  Harry made a mental note to never accept even a crisp from Fred and George in the future.  He still hadn't forgotten Dudley and the Ton-Tongue Toffee.
The snow was now falling heavily on the castle and its gardens.  The pale blue Beauxbatons carriage looked like a large, icy, frosted pumpkin next to the icy gingerbread house that was Hagrid's cabin, while the portholes of the Durmstrang ship were glazed with ice, the rigging white with frost.  The house elves in the kitchen were outdoing themselves with a series of rich, hearty stews and savory puddings, and only Fleur Delacour seemed to be able to find anything to complain about.
"It's too heavy, all this Ogwarts food," they heard her say sullenly as they left the Great Hall behind her one evening (Ron hiding behind Harry, careful not to be spotted by Fleur). 	“I won’t fit into my dresses!”
"Oooh, there's a tragedy," Hermione said dryly as Fleur walked out into the entrance hall. “She really thinks about herself a lot, doesn't she?
"Hermione – who are you going to the ball with?" Ron said.
He kept asking her this question, hoping to surprise her and demand an answer from her by asking it when she least expected it.  However, Hermione just frowned and said, "I'm not telling you, you'll just laugh at me."
"You're kidding, Weasley!" » Malfoy said from behind them. "Aren't you telling me someone asked that at the ball? Not the Mudblood with the long molars?"                                                ;
Harry and Ron both turned, but Hermione said loudly, waving to someone over Malfoy's shoulder, "Hello, Professor Moody!"
Malfoy turned pale and jumped back, looking around for Moody, but he was still at the staff table, finishing his stew.
"Nervous little ferret, aren't you, Malfoy?" Hermione said scathingly, and she, Harry and Ron walked up the marble staircase, laughing heartily.
"Hermione," Ron said, looking at her sideways, suddenly frowning, "your teeth..."
"And them?" she says.
"Well, they're different. . . I just noticed. . . ."
"Of course they are – did you expect me to keep those fangs Malfoy gave me?"
"No, I mean, they're different than they were before he cast that spell on you. . . . They're all... straight and--and normal size."
Hermione suddenly smiled very mischievously, and Harry noticed it too: it was a very different smile from the one he remembered.
"Well... when I went to Madam Pomfrey to shrink them, she handed me a mirror and told me to stop it when they were back to normal," she said. “And I… just let him continue for a bit.”  She smiled even wider.  "Mom and Dad won't be very happy. I tried to persuade them to let me shrink them for ages, but they wanted me to continue with my braces. You know, they're dentists, they don't do it all just not. “I don’t think teeth and magic should – look back Pigwidgeons! »
Ron's little owl chirped wildly at the top of the icicle-laden ramps, a scroll of parchment strapped to his leg.  People walking past pointed at him and laughed, and a group of third-grade girls stopped and said, "Oh, look at the little owl!" Isn't he cute?
Stupid little feathered bastard! Ron hissed, rushing up the stairs and grabbing Pigwidgeon. “You bring letters to the recipient!”  We don’t hang around to show off!”
Pigwidgeon hooted happily, his head poking out of Ron's fist. The third year girls all looked very shocked.
"To erase!"  Ron snapped at them, waving the fist that held Pigwidgeon, who hooted more happily than ever as he flew into the air.  "Here, take it, Harry," Ron added in a low voice as the third year girls ran away, looking scandalized.  He pulled Sirius' answer off Pigwidgeon's leg.  Harry put it in his pocket and they rushed back to Gryffindor Tower to read it.
Everyone in the common room was far too busy letting off steam during the holidays to observe what everyone else was doing.  Ron, Harry and Hermione were sitting apart from everyone else near a dark window that was gradually filling with snow, and Harry read:

Dear Harry,
Congratulations on passing the Horntail.  Whoever put your name in that cup shouldn't be too happy right now!  I was going to suggest a conjunctivitis curse, since a dragon's eyes are its weakest point - "That's what Krum did!" » Hermione whispered – but your way was better, I'm impressed.
Don't get complacent, though. Harry.  You have only completed one task; whoever entered you into the tournament has a lot more opportunity if they try to hurt you.  Keep your eyes open, especially when the person we talked about is around, and focus on staying out of trouble.
Keep in touch, I always want to hear about anything unusual.
	Sirius

"He looks just like Moody," Harry said softly, tucking the letter back into his robes. "'Constant vigilance!'  You’d think I was walking around with my eyes closed, banging against the walls…”
"But he's right, Harry," Hermione said, "you still have two piles of things to do."request to do. You should really take a look at that egg, you know, and start to understand what it means. . . ".
"Hermione, he's old!"  » Ron snapped.  "Want a game of chess, Harry?"
"Yeah, okay," Harry said.  Then, spotting the look on Hermione's face, he said, "Come on, how am I supposed to concentrate with all this noise?" I won't even be able to hear the egg here.
"Oh, I guess not," she sighed, and sat down to watch their chess match, which culminated in a thrilling checkmate from Ron, involving two brave pawns and a very violent bishop.
Harry woke up very suddenly on Christmas Day.  Wondering what had caused his sudden return to consciousness, he opened his eyes and saw something with very large, round, green eyes staring at him from the darkness, so close that they were almost nose to nose.
"Dobby!"  Harry shouted, moving away from the elf so quickly that he almost fell off the bed. "Do not do that!"
“Dobby is sorry, sir!”  Dobby squealed anxiously, jumping back with his long fingers over his mouth.  "Dobby just wants to wish Harry Potter a 'Merry Christmas' and bring him a present, sir!" Harry Potter said Dobby could come see him from time to time, sir!
It's okay," Harry said, still breathing a little faster than usual as his heart rate returned to normal. "Just - push me or something in the future, okay, don't lean on me like that. ..”
Harry opened the curtains around his four-poster bed, took his glasses from his bedside table and put them on.  His scream had woken Ron, Seamus, Dean and Neville.  Everyone looked through the gaps in their own hangings, their eyes heavy and their hair disheveled.
"Is someone attacking you, Harry?" » asked Seamus sleepily.
"No, it's just Dobby," Harry muttered. “Go back to bed.”
“No… gifts!” » Seamus said, spotting the large pile at the foot of his bed. Ron, Dean and Neville decided that now that they were awake, they might as well embark on a gift opening ceremony.  Harry turned to Dobby, who was now standing nervously next to Harry's bed, still worried that he had upset Harry.  There was a Christmas bauble tied to the loop on top of her tea cosily.
“Can Dobby give Harry Potter his present?”  » he squeaked shyly.
"Of course you can," Harry said.  "Um... I have something for you too."
It was a lie; he hadn't bought anything at all for Dobby, but he quickly opened his trunk and pulled out a pair of particularly knotty rolled-up socks.  They were his oldest and dirtiest, mustard yellow, and had once belonged to Uncle Vernon.  The reason they were extremely handy was because Harry had been using them to dampen his Sneakoscope for over a year now. He took out the Sneako-scope and handed Dobby the socks and said, "Sorry, I forgot to wrap them..."
But Dobby was totally delighted.
“Socks are Dobby’s favorite item of clothing, sir!”  he said, tearing off his strange pieces and pulling on Uncle Vernon's.  "I have seven now, sir... But sir..." he said, eyes wide, after pulling both socks up as far as they could go, so that they reached the bottom of his shorts, "they made a mistake in the store, Harry Potter, they give you two of the same!”
"Ah, no, Harry, how come you didn't notice that?" Ron said, smiling from his own bed, which was now littered with wrapping paper. “Tell you what, Dobby – here we go – take these two, and you can mix them properly. And here is your sweater. »
He tossed Dobby a pair of purple socks he had just unpacked, as well as the hand knitted sweater Mrs. Weasley had sent, Dobby looked quite overwhelmed.
“Sir is very nice!”  he squeaked, his eyes filling with tears again, bowing deeply to Ron.  "Dobby knew that Mister must be a great wizard, for he is Harry Potter's greatest friend, but Dobby did not know that he was also so generous of spirit, so noble and selfless -"
"They're just socks," said Ron, who had turned slightly pink around the ears, although he still looked rather pleased.  "Wow, Harry…" He had just opened Harry's present, a Chudley Cannon hat.  "Cool!"  He stuck it on his head, where it hit his hair horribly.
Dobby now handed Harry a small package, which turned out to be socks.
“Dobby makes them himself, sir!” the elf said happily. “He buys wool with his salary, sir!
The left sock was bright red and had a broom design; the right sock was green with a snitch pattern.
"They're... they really are... well, thank you, Dobby," Harry said, and put them on, making Dobby's eyes water with happiness again.
"Dobby has to leave now sir, we're already cooking Christmas dinner in the kitchens!"  Dobby said, and rushed out of the dormitory, greeting Ron and the others as he passed.
Harry's other gifts were much more satisfying than Dobby's weird socks - with the obvious exception of the Dursleys', which consisted of a single handkerchief, an all-time high - Harry supposed they, too, remembered the Ton-Tongue Tof.costs.  Hermione had given Harry a book called The Quidditch Teams of Great Britain and Ireland; Ron, a bulging bag of Dungbombs; Sirius, a practical penknife with accessories to unlock any lock and undo any knot; and Hagrid, a huge box of sweets including all of Harry's favorites: Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans, Chocolate Frogs, Drooble's Best Blowing Gum and Fizzing Whizbees.  There was also, of course, Mrs. Weasley's usual package, including a new jumper (green, with a picture of a dragon on it - Harry assumed Charlie had told him all about the Horntail), and a large quantity of tartlets homemade.
Harry and Ron met Hermione in the common room and they went down to breakfast together.  They spent most of the morning in Gryffindor Tower, where everyone enjoyed their presents, then returned to the Great Hall for a magnificent lunch, which included at least a hundred turkeys and Christmas puddings, as well as big pile of Cribbage wizard biscuits.
They went out into the field in the afternoon; the snow was untouched, except for the deep channels dug by the students of Durmstrang and Beauxbatons on their way up to the castle.  Hermione chose to watch Harry and the Weasleys' snowball fight rather than participate, and at five she said she was going back upstairs to get ready for the ball.
“What, you need three hours?”  Ron said, looking at her in disbelief and paying for his lack of concentration when a large snowball, thrown by George, hit him hard on the side of the head.  "Who are you going with ?"  he shouted at Hermione, but she just waved and disappeared down the stone steps of the castle.
There was no Christmas tea today, as the ball included a feast, so at seven o'clock, when it had become difficult to aim correctly, the others abandoned their snowball fight and trooped back in the common room. The Fat Lady sat in her frame with her friend Violet from below, both extremely tipsy, empty boxes of chocolate liqueurs littering the other bottom photo.
“Lairy’s fights are the one!”  she laughed when they gave the password, and she turned to let them in.
Harry, Ron, Seamus, Dean and Neville changed into their evening robes in their dormitory, all looking very embarrassed, but none more so than Ron, who was observing himself in the long mirror in the corner with a look of dismay. on his face.  There was simply no denying that her robes looked more like a dress than anything else.  In a desperate attempt to make them more manly, he used a separating spell on the ruff and wrists.  It worked pretty well; at least he didn't have any laces anymore, although he hadn't done a very careful job, and the edges still looked frayed when the boys came down the stairs.
"I still can't understand how you got the prettiest girls of the year," Dean muttered.
"Animal magnetism," Ron said darkly, removing the stray wires from his wrists.
The common room looked strange, full of people wearing different colors instead of the usual mass of black.  Parvati was waiting for Harry at the foot of the stairs.  She looked really pretty, in bright pink dresses, with her long dark braid braided with gold and gold bracelets sparkling on her wrists.  Harry was relieved to see that she wasn't laughing.
“You… uh… you seem nice,” he said awkwardly.
“Thank you,” she said. "Padma will meet you in the entrance hall," she added to Ron.
"Good," Ron said, looking around. "Where is Hermione?"
Parvati shrugged. "So shall we go down, Harry?"
"Okay," Harry said, wishing he could just stay in the common room.  Fred winked at Harry as he passed him out of the portrait hole.
The entrance hall was also filled with students, all gathered waiting for eight o'clock, when the doors to the Great Hall would be wide open.  People who were meeting partners from different Houses were weaving through the crowds trying to find each other.  Parvati found her sister, Padma, and led her to Harry and Ron.
“Hi,” said Padma, who looked as pretty as Parvati in her bright turquoise dress. However, she didn't seem very enthusiastic about having Ron as a partner; her dark eyes lingered on the frayed neck and sleeves of her dress as she looked him up and down.
"Hi," Ron said, not looking at her, but looking at the crowd around him. "Oh no ..."
He bent his knees slightly to hide behind Harry, as Fleur Delacour passed by, looking stunning in her silver-gray satin dress, and accompanied by Ravenclaw Quidditch captain, Roger Davies. When they were gone, Ron stood up again and looked over the heads of the crowd.
"Where is Hermione?" he said again.
A group of Slytherins walked up the steps to their dungeon common room.  Malfoy was in front; he wore a black velvet evening dress with a high collar, which in Harry's opinion made him look like a vicar.  Pansy Parkinson, dressed in a frilly pale pink dress, held Malfoy's arm.  Crabbe and Goyle were both wornng green; they looked like moss-colored rocks, and none of them, Harry was happy to see, had managed to find a mate.
The oak front doors opened and everyone turned to watch Durmstrang's students enter with Professor Karkaroff.  Krum was at the front of the party, accompanied by a pretty girl in a blue dress that Harry didn't know.  Above their heads, he saw that an area of ​​lawn directly in front of the castle had been transformed into a sort of cave full of fairy lights - which meant that hundreds of living fairies were sitting in the rose bushes there. were evoked and fluttered above the landscape. statues of what appeared to be Santa and his reindeer.
Then Professor McGonagall's voice called: "Champions over here, please!"
Parvati readjusted her bracelets, beaming; She and Harry said "see you in a minute" to Ron and Padma and moved forward, the chattering crowd parting to let them pass. Professor McGonagall, who was wearing a red tartan evening gown and had arranged a rather ugly wreath of thistles around the brim of her other hat, told them to wait on one side of the door while everyone else entered; they were to enter the Great Hall in procession when the rest of the students were seated. Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies stationed themselves near the doors; Davies looked so stunned by his luck in having Fleur as a partner that he could barely take his eyes off her.  Cedric and Cho were also close to Harry; he looked away so he wouldn't have to talk to them.  His eyes instead fell on the girl next to Krum. His jaw dropped.
It was Hermione.
But she didn't look like Hermione at all.  She had done something with her hair; it was no longer bushy but elegant and shiny, and twisted into an elegant knot at the back of his head.  She wore dresses made of a flowing periwinkle blue fabric, and she held herself differently, somehow - or maybe it was just the absence of the twenty pounds she usually had. slung across his back.  She was also smiling – rather nervously, it is true – but the reduction in the size of her front teeth was more visible than ever; Harry couldn't understand how he hadn't spotted it before.
"Hello Harry!" she says. “Hi Parvati!”
Parvati looked at Hermione with unflattering disbelief.  She wasn't the only one either; As the doors to the Great Hall opened, the Krum fan club from the library walked past us, glaring at Hermione with the deepest hatred.  Pansy Parkinson gaped at her as she walked past with Malfoy, and even he didn't seem to be able to think of an insult to throw at her.  Ron, however, walked past Hermione without looking at her.
Once everyone was settled in the room, Professor McGonagall told the champions and their partners to line up in pairs and follow her.  They did so, and everyone in the Great Hall applauded as they entered and began walking towards a large round table at the top of the Hall, where the judges sat.
The walls of the room were all covered in glistening silver frost, with hundreds of garlands of mistletoe and ivy crossing the black, star-spangled ceiling.  The tables in the Chamber had disappeared; instead there were a hundred, smaller, lantern-lit ones, each seating a dozen people.
Harry concentrated on not tripping. Parvati seemed to be enjoying herself; she beamed at everyone, bossing Harry around so forcefully it felt like he was a show dog she was putting through his paces.  He spotted Ron and Padma as he approached the top table.  Ron watched Hermione pass with narrowed eyes.  Padma looked sulky.
Dumbledore smiled happily as the champions approached the top table, but Karkaroff wore an expression remarkably similar to Ron's as he watched Krum and Hermione grow closer. Ludo Bagman, this evening, dressed in a bright purple dress with big yellow stars, was clapping as enthusiastically as any of the students; and Madame Maxime, who had changed from her usual black satin uniform for a flowing lavender silk dress, applauded them politely. But Mr. Crouch, Harry suddenly realized, was not there.  The fifth seat at the table was occupied by Percy Weasley.
When the champions and their partners reached the table, Percy pulled out the empty chair next to him, staring pointedly at Harry.  Harry took the hint and sat down next to Percy, who was wearing a brand new navy blue dress and an expression of such smugness that Harry thought he should be fined.
"I've been promoted," Percy said before Harry could even ask, and from his tone he could have announced his election as supreme ruler of the universe.  "I am now Mr. Crouch's personal assistant and I represent him here."
“Why didn’t he come?” » Harry asked. He wasn't looking forward to hearing lessons about the bottoms of cauldrons throughout dinner.
"I'm afraid to say that Mr. Crouch is not well, not well at all. He hasn't been well since the World Cup. It's not surprising - overwork. He's not as young as 'he was - even ifAlthough still brilliant, the spirit remains as great as it has ever been.  But the World Cup was a fiasco for the entire ministry, and then Mr. Crouch suffered a huge personal shock with the bad behavior of his house elf, Blinky, or whatever his name is.  Naturally, he fired her immediately afterward, but... well, like I said, he's coping, he needs care, and I think he's noticed a marked decline in comfort since then. his departure.  And then we had to organize the tournament and deal with the aftermath of the Cup - that revolting Skeeter woman buzzing around - no, poor man, he's having a quiet and well-deserved Christmas.  I'm just glad he knew he had someone he could count on to replace him. »
Harry really wanted to ask if Mr. Crouch had stopped calling Percy "Weatherby", but he resisted the temptation.
There was no food yet on the glistening gold plates, but small menus sat in front of each one.  Harry took his uncertainly and looked around – there were no waiters.  Dumbledore, however, looked carefully at his own menu, then said very clearly to his plate: "Pork chops!"
And pork chops appeared. Having understood the idea, the rest of the table also placed their orders with their plates.  Harry glanced at Hermione to see what she thought of this new, more complicated method of restoration – surely this meant a lot of extra work for the house elves? - but for once, Hermione didn't seem to be thinking about S.P.E.W.  She was deep in conversation with Viktor Krum and barely seemed to notice what she was eating.
It now occurred to Harry that he had never actually heard Krum speak before, but he certainly was speaking now, and with great enthusiasm.
"Sail, I have a castle too, not as big as this one, nor as comfortable, I think," he said to Hermione.  "We only have four floors and the fires are only lit for magical purposes. But we have grounds even bigger than these - although in winter we have very little daylight, so we let's not take advantage of it. But in summer, we fly every day." day, on lakes and mountains - "
“Now, now, Viktor!”  said Karkaroff with a laugh that didn't reach his cold eyes, "don't go revealing anything else, now, or your charming friend will know exactly where to find us!"
Dumbledore smiled, his eyes sparkling.  "Igor, all this secrecy... it almost seems like you don't want visitors."
"Well, Dumbledore," said Karkaroff, showing his yellowed teeth as much as possible, "we all protect our private domains, don't we? Don't we jealously guard the teaching rooms entrusted to us? the right to be proud to know that only we know the secrets of our school, and the right to protect them?”
"Oh, I would never assume that I know all the secrets of Hogwarts, Igor," Dumbledore said friendlyly.  "Just this morning, for example, I took a wrong turn on my way to the bathroom and found myself in a beautifully proportioned room that I had never seen before, containing a truly magnificent collection of chamber pots. When I came back to investigate further, I found that the room was missing. But maybe it's only accessible at five thirty in the morning. well it only appears at the quarter moon - or when the researcher exceptionally has a full bladder.
Harry sniffed at his plate of goulash.  Percy frowned, but Harry could have sworn Dumbledore gave him a tiny wink.
Meanwhile, Fleur Delacour criticized Hogwarts' decorations to Roger Davies.
“Zis is nothing,” she said disdainfully, looking around at the gleaming walls of the Great Hall.  "At Beauxbatons Palace, we have ice sculptures all around the dining room at Christmas. They don't melt, of course... They're like huge diamond statues, sparkling around the place. And the Food is just superb. And we have choruses of wood nymphs, serenading us while we eat. We don't have any of that ugly armor in all, and if a poltergeist was training at Beauxbatons. would be kicked out like that. She placed her hand on the table impatiently.
Roger Davies watched her speak with a very dazed look, and he kept missing her mouth with his fork.  Harry had the feeling that Davies was too busy looking at Fleur to understand a word she was saying.
"Absolutely right," he said quickly, slamming his own hand on the table as he imitated Fleur.  "Like that. Yeah."
Harry looked around.  Hagrid was sitting at one of the other staff tables; he was back in his horrid, furry brown suit and staring at the top table.  Harry saw him wave, and looking around, he saw Madame Maxime wave back, her opals sparkling in the candlelight.
Hermione was now teaching Krum how to pronounce his name correctly; he kept calling her “Hermy-own”.
“She-my-oh-nee,” she said slowly and clearly.
“Herself-ninny.”
"Close enough," she said, catching Harry's eye and smiling.
When all the food waswas consumed, Dumbledore stood up and asked the students to do the same.  Then, with a wave of his wand, all the tables moved back along the walls, leaving the floor clear, then he made a raised platform appear along the right wall.  A set of drums, several guitars, a lute, a cello and bagpipes were placed on top.
The “Weird Sisters” then trooped onto stage to enthusiastic applause; they were all extremely hairy and dressed in black robes that had been artfully ripped and torn. They picked up their instruments, and Harry, who had been so interested in looking at them. that he had almost forgotten what was going to happen, suddenly realized that the lanterns of all the other tables had gone out and that the other champions and their partners were standing.
"Come on!" » Parvati hissed. “We’re supposed to dance!”
Harry tripped over his robes as he stood up.  The Weird Sisters sang a slow, sad melody; Harry walked across the well-lit dance floor, carefully avoiding attracting anyone's attention (he could see Seamus and Dean waving and giggling at him), and the next moment Parvati had grabbed his hands, had placed one around his waist and held the other tightly. in his.
It wasn't as bad as it could have been. Harry thought, slowly spinning in place (Parvati was directing).  He kept his eyes fixed on the heads of the spectators, and soon many of them had also come onto the dance floor, so that the champions were no longer the center of attention.  Neville and Ginny were dancing nearby – he could see Ginny grimacing frequently as Neville stepped on her feet – and Dumbledore was waltzing with Madame Maxime.  He was so small next to her that the top of his pointed hat barely tickled her chin; however, she moved with great grace for such a tall woman.  Mad-Eye Moody took an extremely ungainly two-step with Professor Sinistra, who was nervously dodging his wooden leg.
"Nice socks. Potter," Moody grunted as he passed, his magical eye staring at Harry's robes.
"Oh… yeah, Dobby the house elf knitted them for me," Harry said smiling.
“He’s so scary!”  Parvati whispered as Moody walked away.  “I don’t think this eye should be allowed.”
Harry heard with relief the final, quavering note of the bagpipes. The Weird Sisters stopped playing, applause filled the room again and Harry immediately let go of Parvati.
"Let's sit down, okay?"
“Oh – but – it’s really a good thing!”  » Parvati said as the Weird Sisters sang a new song, which was much faster.
"No, I don't like it," Harry lied, and led her away from the dance floor, past Fred and Angelina, who were dancing with such exuberance that the people around them backed away for fear of being wounded, and towards the dance hall. table where Ron and Padma were sitting.
"How are you?" Harry asked Ron, sitting down and opening a bottle of butterbeer.
Ron didn't answer. He looked at Hermione and Krum, who were dancing nearby. Padma sat with her arms and legs crossed, one foot shaking to the music.  From time to time, she cast a displeased glance at Ron, who completely ignored her. Parvati sat on the other side of Harry, also crossing her arms and legs, and a few minutes later a boy from Beauxbatons asked her to dance.
"You don't mind, do you, Harry?" » said Parvati.
"What?" » said Harry, who was now looking at Cho and Cedric.
“Oh, whatever,” Parvati said, and left with the boy from Beauxbatons. When the song ended, she didn't come back.
Hermione walked over and sat down in Parvati's empty chair. Her face was a little pink from dancing.
"Hi," Harry said. Ron didn't say anything.
“It’s warm, isn’t it?” Hermione said, fanning herself with her hand.  “Viktors just went to get some drinks.”
Ron gave him a withering look. “Victor?” he said. “Hasn’t he asked you to call him Vicky yet?”
Hermione looked at him in surprise. "What's new?" she says.
"If you don't know," said Ron scathingly, "I'm not going to tell you."
Hermione looked at him, then at Harry, who shrugged.
"Ron, what -?"
“He’s from Durmstrang!” Ron spat. "He's competing against Harry! Against Hogwarts! You - you're -" Ron was obviously searching for strong enough words to describe Hermione's crime, "fraternizing with the enemy, that's what you do!"
Hermione's mouth opened.
“Don’t be so stupid!” she said after a moment. "The enemy! Honestly, who was the one that got all excited when they saw him coming? Who was the one that wanted his autograph? Who has a model of him in their dorm?"
Ron chose to ignore this. "I suppose he asked you to come with him while you were both at the library?"
"Yes, he did," Hermione said, the pink spots on her cheeks glowing brighter. "So what?"
"What happened – you tried to get him to join Spew, didn't you?"
"No, I wasn't! If you really want to know, he... he said he came to the library every day to try to talk to me, but he couldn't find the courage!"
Hermione saidthis very quickly, and blushed so deeply that she was the same color as Parvati's robes.
"Yeah, well, that's his story," Ron said nastily.
“And what does that mean?”
"Obvious, right? He's Karkaroff's student, right? He knows who you hang out with. . . . He's just trying to get close to Harry - to get some privileged information about him - or to get close enough to curse him -.
Hermione looked like she had been slapped by Ron.  When she spoke, her voice trembled.
"For your information, he didn't ask me a single thing about Harry, not a single..."
Ron changed tactics at the speed of light.
"So he's hoping you'll help him find out what his egg means! I guess you've been thinking during those cozy little sessions at the library -"
“I will never help him find that egg!” Hermione said, looking indignant. "Never. How can you say something like that – I want Harry to win the tournament. Harry knows that, doesn't he, Harry?"
"You have a funny way of showing it," Ron sneered.
“This whole tournament is supposed to be about getting to know and befriend foreign wizards!”  Hermione said hotly.
"No, this is not the case !" Ron shouted.  “It’s all about winning!”
People were starting to look at them.
"Ron," Harry said softly, "I have no problem with Hermione coming with Krum -"
But Ron was ignoring Harry too.
"Why don't you go find Vicky, he'll wonder where you are," Ron said.
“Don’t call her Vicky!”
Hermione jumped to her feet and stormed across the dance floor, disappearing into the crowd.  Ron watched her leave with a mixture of anger and satisfaction on his face.
“Are you going to ask me to dance?” Padma asked him.
"No," Ron said, still glaring at Hermione.
"Fine," Padma snapped, and she got up and went to join Parvati and the Beauxbatons boy, who summoned one of his friends to join them so quickly that Harry could have sworn he had sent him there by a summoning spell.
“Vare is Herm-own-ninny?” » said a voice.
Krum had just arrived at their table with two Butterbeers in his hands.
"No idea," Ron said sullenly, looking at him. “You lost it, didn’t you?”
Krum looked sullen again.
“Here, if you see her, tell her I’m drinking,” he said, and slumped down.
"You've become friends with Viktor Krum, haven't you, Ron?"
Percy had hurried over, rubbing his hands and looking extremely pompous. "Excellent! That's the whole point, you know: international magical cooperation!"
Much to Harry's dismay, Percy now took Padma's vacant seat.  The top table was now empty; Professor Dumbledore danced with Professor Sprout, Ludo Bagman with Professor McGonagall; Madame Maxime and Hagrid made their way widely around the dance floor as they waltzed among the students, and Karkaroff was nowhere in sight. When the next song ended, everyone clapped once more, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman kiss Professor McGonagall's hand and make his way through the crowd, at which point Fred and George approached him.
“What do they think they're doing, annoying the senior ministry officials? » Percy hissed, eyeing Fred and George warily. "No respect..."
However, Ludo Bagman pushed Fred and George aside quite quickly and, spotting Harry, waved at him and approached their table.
"I hope my brothers weren't bothering you, Mr. Bagman?" » Percy said immediately.
"What? Oh, not at all, not at all!" Bagman said.  "No, they were just telling me a little more about their fake wands. I was wondering if I could advise them on marketing. I promised to put them in touch with some of my contacts at Zonko's Joke Shop. ..”
Percy didn't look happy at all, and Harry was willing to bet he would rush to tell Mrs. Weasley about it as soon as he got home. Apparently, Fred and George's plans had become even more ambitious of late, if they hoped to sell their product to the public.  Bagman opened his mouth to ask Harry something, but Percy turned him away.
"How is the tournament going, Mr. Bagman? Our department is quite happy - the problem with the Goblet of Fire" - he glanced at Harry - "was a bit unfortunate, of course, but it seems that everything has been going very well since then, don’t you think?”
"Oh yes," said Bagman cheerfully, "it's all been great fun. How's old Barty? Too bad he couldn't come."
"Oh, I'm sure Mr. Crouch will be up in no time," Percy said matter-of-factly, "but in the meantime, I'm more than willing to take over. Of course, it's not a matter of not just to attend balls.” - he laughed lightly - "oh no, I had to deal with all sorts of things that happened in his absence - you heard that Ali Bashir was caught smuggling a batch of flying carpets into the country? And then we were I'm trying to persuade the Transylvanians to sign the international ban on dueling I have a meeting with their head of magical cooperation in the new year.
"Let's go for a walk," Ron muttered to Harry, "get away from Percy…."
Pretending they wanted more drinks.  Harry and Ron left the table and turned towards them.The dance floor and slipped into the entrance hall.  The front doors were open and the fairy lights floating in the rose garden blinked and twinkled as they descended the front steps, where they found themselves surrounded by bushes; winding and ornamental paths; and large stone statues.  Harry could hear water splashing, which sounded like a fountain.  Here and there people sat on carved benches.  He and Ron set off down one of the winding paths through the rose bushes, but they had only gone a short way when they heard an unpleasantly familiar voice.
"...I don't see anything to worry about, Igor."
"Severus, you can't pretend this isn't happening!"  Karkaroff's voice was anxious and hushed, as if he wished not to be heard.  "It's been becoming more and more clear for months. I'm starting to seriously worry, I can't deny it _"
"Then run," Snape's voice said sharply.  "Run away, I'll excuse you. However, I'm staying at Hogwarts."
Snape and Karkaroff came around the corner.  Snape had his wand out and was blowing up some rose bushes, his expression the nastiest.  Screams emanated from many bushes and dark shapes emerged from them.
"Ten points from Ravenclaw, Fawcett!" Snape growled as a girl walked past him.  “And ten Hufflepuff points too, Stebbins!”  as a boy rushed after her. “And what are you two doing?”  » he added, seeing Harry and Ron on the path ahead of them.  Karkaroff, Harry saw, looked slightly decomposed to see them standing there.  His hand went nervously to his goatee and he began to wrap it around his finger.
"We're walking," Ron said briefly to Snape. “It’s not against the law, is it?”
“Keep walking, then! Snape growled, and brushed past them, his long black cloak billowing behind him.  Karkaroff rushes after Snape.  Harry and Ron continued on their way.
“What’s Karkaroff worried about?”  » Ron muttered.
"And since when did he and Snape call each other by their first names?" » Harry said slowly.
They had now reached a large stone reindeer, above which they could see the sparkling jets of a tall fountain.  The dark outlines of two enormous figures were visible on a stone bench, watching the water in the moonlight. And then Harry heard Hagrid speak.
“Mom, I saw you, I knew,” he said in a strangely hoarse voice.
Harry and Ron froze.  This didn't seem like the kind of scene they should have found themselves in, one way or another. . . . Harry looked around, walked up the path and saw Fleur Delacour and Roger Davies standing half-hidden in a rose bush nearby.  He patted Ron on the shoulder and looked up at them, meaning that they could easily escape that way without being noticed (Fleur and Davies seemed very busy to Harry), but Ron, eyes wide with horror at the sight of Fleur, shook his head vigorously, and dragged Harry deeper into the shadows behind the reindeer.
"What did you know, 'Agrid?" said Madame Maxime, purring in a low voice.
Harry definitely didn't want to listen to that; he knew Hagrid would hate to be overheard in a situation like this (he certainly would have) - if it had been possible he would have stuck his fingers in his ears and hummed loudly, but that wasn't really an option .  Instead, he tried to interest himself in a beetle crawling along the stone reindeer's back, but the beetle just wasn't interesting enough to block Hagrid's next words.
"I just knew...I knew you were like me...Was it your mother or your father?"
"I - I don't know what you mean, 'Agrid….'
"That was my mother," Hagrid said softly. "She was one of the last in Britain. Of course, I remember her too well... she left, you see. When I was about three. She was really the motherly type. Eh Well, that's not in their nature, is it?
Madame Maxime says nothing. And Harry, despite himself, took his eyes off the beetle and looked over the reindeer's antlers, listening. …He had never heard Hagrid talk about his childhood before.
"My dad was heartbroken when she left. A little little guy, my dad was. When I was six, I could pick him up and put him on the dresser if he bothered me. I used to make him laugh.  Hagrid's deep voice cracked.  Madame Maxime listened, motionless, apparently looking at the silver fountain.  "Dad raised me... but he died, of course, right after I started school. After that, I had to make my own way. Dumbledore was a big help, though sure. Very nice to me, he was... ".
Hagrid took out a large spotted silk handkerchief and blew his nose heavily.
"So... anyway... enough about me. And you? Which side did you put him on?"
But Madame Maxime stood up suddenly.
“It’s cool,” she said – but whatever the weather was, it was nowhere near as cold as her voice.  “I think I’ll go in now.”
"Eh ?" Hagrid said matter-of-factly. "No, don't go! I've - I've never met another one before!"
“Anuzzer what, precisely?”said Madame Maxime in an icy tone.
Harry could have told Hagrid it was better not to answer; He stood there in the shadows, gritting his teeth, hoping against hope that he wouldn't – but it wasn't good.  “Another half-giant, of course!” Hagrid said.
“'Ouch, do you dare!” cried Madame Maxime.  His voice boomed through the still night air like a foghorn; behind him.  Harry heard Fleur and Roger fall from their rosebush.  "I've never been more insulted in my life! 'Alf-giant? Me? I...I have big bones!'
She storms away; great multicolored swarms of fairies rose into the air as he passed, angrily pushing back the bushes.  Hagrid was still sitting on the bench, staring at her.  It was far too dark to make out his expression.  Then, after a minute or so, he stood up and strode away, not towards the castle, but towards the dark lands towards his cabin.
"Come on," Harry said very quietly to Ron.  “Let’s go. . . .”
But Ron didn't move.
"What's new?" » Harry said looking at him.
Ron looked around at Harry, his expression very serious indeed.
“Did you know?” He whispered. "About Hagrid being half-giant?"
"No," Harry said with a shrug. "So what?"
He knew immediately, from the look Ron gave him, that he was once again revealing his ignorance of the wizarding world.  Raised by the Dursleys, there were many things that wizards took for granted that were revelations to Harry, but those surprises had become fewer with each passing year.  Now, however, he could tell that most wizards wouldn't have said "So what?" upon discovering that one of their friends had a giantess for a mother.
"I'll explain it to you inside," Ron said softly, "come on. . .."
Fleur and Roger Davies had disappeared, probably into a more private patch of bushes.  Harry and Ron returned to the Great Hall.  Parvati and Padma were now sitting at a distant table with a whole crowd of Beauxbatons boys, and Hermione was dancing with Krum again.  Harry and Ron sat at a table away from the dance floor.
"SO?" Harry prompted Ron. "What's the matter with giants?"
"Well, they're... they're..." Ron had difficulty finding words. "...not very nice," he finished awkwardly.
"Who cares?" » Harry said.  "There's nothing wrong with Hagrid!"
"I know I don't, but... damn, no wonder he's keeping it quiet," Ron said, shaking his head.  "I always thought he got into a bad engorgement spell when he was a kid or something. I didn't like talking about it…."
“But what does it matter if his mother was a giantess?” Harry said.
"Well... no one who knows him will care, because they'll know he's not dangerous," Ron said slowly.  "But... Harry, they're just vicious, giants. It's like Hagrid said, it's in their nature, they're like trolls... they just like to kill, everyone knows that .There are none left in Britain but now.”
“What happened to them?”
"Well, they were dying anyway, and then a lot of them got killed by the Aurors. There are supposed to be giants overseas, though... They're mostly in hiding in the mountains..."
"I don't know who Maxime thinks he's kidding," Harry said, looking at Madame Maxime sitting alone at the judges' table, looking very somber.  "If Hagrid is half giant, she definitely is. Big bones...the only thing with bigger bones than her is a dinosaur."
Harry and Ron spent the rest of the ball discussing the giants in their corner, neither of them having any desire to dance.  Harry tried not to look at Cho and Cedric too much; it gave him a strong urge to kick something.
When the Weird Sisters finished playing at midnight, everyone gave them one last, loud round of applause and began to make their way to the lobby.  Many people expressed the wish that the ball could last longer, but Harry was perfectly happy to go to bed; for him, the evening hadn't been very fun.
In the entrance hall, Harry and Ron saw Hermione wish Krum goodnight before he returned to the Durmstrang ship.  She gave Ron a very cold look and walked past him up the marble staircase without speaking.  Harry and Ron followed her, but halfway up the stairs, Harry heard someone calling his name.
“Hey-Harry!”
It was Cedric Diggory.  Harry could see Cho waiting for him in the entrance hall below.
"Yeah?"  Harry said coldly as Cedric ran up the stairs towards him.
Cedric looked like he didn't want to say anything in front of Ron, who shrugged his shoulders, looking grumpy, and continued up the stairs.
“Listen…” Cedric lowered his voice as Ron disappeared.  "I owe you one for telling me about dragons. Do you know that golden egg? Does yours moan when you open it?"
"Yeah," Harry said.
"Well... take a bath, okay?"
"What?"
"Take a bath, and - uh - take the egg with you, and - uh - just think in the hot water. It'll help you think... Trust me."
Harry looked at him.
"I'll tell you what," Cedric said, "use the prefects' bathroom. Fourth door on the left of this street."atue of Boris the Bewildered on the fifth floor.  The password is “fresh pine”.  I have to go...I want to say good night -"
He smiled at Harry again and hurried back down the stairs towards Cho.
Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower alone.  This was extremely strange advice.  Why would a bath help him understand what the crying egg meant?  Was Cedric pulling his leg?  Was he trying to make Harry look like a fool, so that Cho would like him even more in comparison?
The Fat Lady and her friend Vi were sleeping in the photo above the portrait hole. Harry had to shout “Light Fairy! » before he woke them up, and when he did, they were extremely irritated.  He went up to the common room and found Ron and Hermione arguing.  Standing ten feet apart, they yelled at each other, each with red faces.
“Well, if you don’t like it, you know what the solution is, right?”  Hermione shouted; her hair was now sticking out of its sleek bun and her face was contorted with anger.
"Oh yeah?" » Ron shouted back. "What is this?"
“Next time there’s a ball, ask me before someone else does, and not as a last resort!”
Ron spoke silently like a goldfish out of water as Hermione turned on her heel and stormed up the girls' stairs to bed. Ron turned to look at Harry.
“Well,” he stammered, looking stunned, “well, that just proves that I completely missed the point.”
Harry didn't say anything.  He enjoyed talking with Ron too much to say what he thought now – but he somehow thought that Hermione understood much better than Ron.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR - THE RITA SKEETER SCOOP

Everyone was up late the day after Christmas.  The Gryffindor common room was much quieter than it had been lately, lots of yawns punctuating the lazy conversations.  Hermione's hair was bushy again; she admitted to Harry that she had used generous amounts of Sleekeazy's hair potion for the ball, "but it's way too complicated to do every day," she said matter-of-factly, scratching purring Crookshanks behind ears.
Ron and Hermione seemed to have reached an unspoken agreement not to discuss their argument.  They were quite friendly towards each other, although strangely formal.  Ron and Harry wasted no time in telling Hermione about the conversation they had overheard between Madame Maxime and Hagrid, but Hermione did not seem to find the news that Hagrid was a half-giant as shocking as Ron did.
“Well, I thought it must be,” she said with a shrug. "I knew they couldn't be pure giants because they're like twenty feet tall. But honestly, all this hysteria about giants. They can't all be horrible. . . . That's the same kind of prejudice people have towards werewolves. It's just bigotry, isn't it?
Ron looked like he would have enjoyed a scathing response, but maybe he didn't want another argument, because he just shook his head in disbelief while Hermione wasn't looking.
Now it was time to think about the homework they had neglected during the first week of vacation.  Everyone seemed to be feeling pretty flat now that Christmas was over – everyone except Harry, who was (again) starting to feel slightly nervous.
The problem was that February 24 seemed much closer this side of Christmas, and he still hadn't done anything to find the clue in the golden egg. So he began taking the egg out of his trunk every time he went up to the dorm, opening it and listening to it carefully, hoping that this time it would make sense. He tried to think of what the sound reminded him of, other than thirty musical saws, but he had never heard anything else like it. He closed the egg, shook it vigorously, and opened it again to see if the sound had changed, but it hadn't. He tried to ask the egg questions, shouting through all the moaning, but nothing happened. He even threw the egg across the room – although he didn't really expect it to help.
Harry hadn't forgotten the hint Cedric had given him, but his unfriendly feelings towards Cedric meant he was prepared to not accept his help if he could avoid it. In any case, it seemed to him that if Cedric had really wanted to give Harry a hand, he would have been much more explicit. He, Harry, had told Cedric exactly what awaited him in the first task – and Cedric's idea of ​​a fair exchange had been to tell Harry to take a bath.  Well, he didn't need that kind of useless help – not from someone who kept walking down the halls hand in hand with Cho, anyway.  And so, the first day of the new term arrived, and Harry set off for class, weighed down with books and parchment and quills as usual, but also with the hidden worry of the heavy egg in his stomach, as if he was carrying this egg. with him too.
The snow was still deep on the ground, and the windows of the greenhouse were covered in condensation so thick that you couldn't see out into the herbalist's room.  Nobody was looking forward to itcaring for magical creatures in this weather, although, as Ron said, the skrewts would probably warm them up nicely, either by chasing them or exploding with such force that Hagrid's cabin would catch fire.
When they arrived at Hagrid's hut, however, they found an old witch with short-cropped gray hair and a very prominent chin standing at his front door.
“Hurry up, the bell rang five minutes ago,” she barked at them as they struggled toward her through the snow.
"Who are you?" Ron said looking at her.  "Where is Hagrid?" 
"My name is Professor Grubbly-Plank," she said quickly. “I am your temporary Care of Magical Creatures teacher.” 
"Where is Hagrid?" Harry repeated out loud. 
“He is indisposed,” Professor Grubbly-Plank said shortly. 
A soft, unpleasant laugh reached Harry's ears. He turned; Draco Malfoy and the rest of the Slytherins joined the class.  Everyone looked happy, and none of them seemed surprised to see Professor Grubbly-Plank.
“This way, please,” said Professor Grubbly-Plank, and she walked around the enclosure where the Beauxbatons horses were shivering.  Harry, Ron and Hermione followed her, looking over their shoulders at Hagrid's cabin.  All the curtains were closed.  Was Hagrid there, alone and sick?
"What's wrong with Hagrid?"  » Harry said, hurrying to catch up with Professor Grubbly-Plank.
"You don't mind," she said as if she thought he was curious.
"But it bothers me," Harry said warmly.  “What’s going on with him?”
Professor Grubbly-Plank acted as if she couldn't hear him.  She led them past the paddock where the enormous Beauxbatons horses stood, huddled against the cold, and to a tree at the edge of the forest, where a large, beautiful unicorn was tied.
A lot of girls went “ooooh!” at the sight of the unicorn.
“Oh, it’s so beautiful!” Lavender Brown whispered.  "How did she get it? They're supposed to be really hard to catch!"
The unicorn was so white that the snow around it looked gray.  He nervously pawed the ground with his golden hooves and threw back his horned head.
“Boys, back up!” Professor Grubbly-Plank barked, raising an arm and grabbing Harry roughly in the chest.  "They prefer female contact, unicorns. Girls in front, and approach with caution, come on, it's easy...."
She and the girls walked slowly toward the unicorn, leaving the boys standing near the enclosure fence, watching.  The moment Professor Grubbly-Plank was out of earshot. Harry turned to Ron.
"What do you think is wrong with him? Don't you think he's an asshole -?"
"Oh, he wasn't attacked, Potter, if that's what you think," Malfoy said quietly. "No, he's just too ashamed to show his big, ugly face."
"What do you mean ?"  » Harry said dryly.
Malfoy reached into his robe pocket and pulled out a folded page of newspaper.
“There you go,” he said. "I'm sorry to tell you. Potter…."
He smiled as Harry grabbed the page, unfolded it and read it, with Ron, Seamus, Dean and Neville looking over his shoulder.  It was an article topped with a photo of an extremely sneaky Hagrid.

DUMBLEDORE'S GIANT MISTAKE

Albus Dumbledore, the eccentric headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, was never afraid to make controversial staff appointments, writes special correspondent Rita Skeeter.  In September of that year, he hired Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody, the notoriously curse-happy ex-Auror, to teach Defense Against the Dark Arts, a move that raised eyebrows among many at the Ministry of Justice. Magic, considering Moody's good health. known habit of attacking anyone who makes a sudden movement in his presence.  Mad-Eye Moody, however, looks responsible and kind when placed next to the part-human that Dumbledore employs to teach the care of magical creatures.
Rubeus Hagrid, who admits to being expelled from Hogwarts during his third year, has held the position of gamekeeper at the school ever since, a job secured to him by Dumbledore.  Last year, however, Hagrid used his mysterious influence over the Headmaster to secure the additional position of Care of Magical Creatures Professor, above the heads of many better qualified applicants.
A man of alarming size and ferocious appearance, Hagrid has used his new authority to terrify the students in his care with a succession of horrible creatures. As Dumbledore turns a blind eye, Hagrid has mutilated several students during a series of lessons that many admit are "very scary."
"I was attacked by a hippogriff and my friend Vincent Crabbe was bitten by a slushie worm," says Draco Malfoy, a fourth year student. "We all hate Hagrid, but we're just too scared to say anything."
Hagrid, however, has no intention of putting an end to his campaign of intimidation. In a conversation with a Daily Prophet reporter last month, he admitted that there were breeding creatures he dubbed "Explosive-Tipped Skrewts," very dangerous crosses between manti-cores and fire crabs.  The creation of new breeds ofmagical creature is, of course, an activity usually closely monitored by the Department of Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures. Hagrid, however, considers himself above these small restrictions.
“I was just having fun,” he said before hastily changing the subject.
As if that wasn't enough, the Daily Prophet has now unearthed evidence that Hagrid is not - as he always claimed - a pure-blood wizard. In fact, he's not even a pure human. His mother, we can exclusively reveal, is none other than the giantess Fridwulfa, whose whereabouts are currently unknown.
Bloodthirsty and brutal, the giants nearly went to war with each other over the past century. The handful that remained joined the ranks of He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named and were responsible for some of the worst Muggle massacres of his reign of terror.
While many giants who served He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named were killed by Aurors working against the dark side, Fridwulfa was not one of them. It is possible that she fled to one of the giant communities that still exist in the foreign mountain ranges. If his antics during Care of Magical Creatures classes are any guide, Frid-wulfa's son seems to have inherited his brutal nature.
In a bizarre twist, Hagrid is reputed to have developed a close friendship with the boy who brought about the fall of You-Know-Who's power - thus pushing Hagrid's own mother, like the rest of You-Know-Who's followers, to hide. Perhaps Harry Potter is unaware of the unpleasant truth about his great friend - but surely Albus Dumbledore has a duty to ensure that Harry Potter, as well as his fellow students, are warned of the dangers of associating with half-asses. giants.

Harry finished reading and looked up at Ron, whose mouth was hanging open.
“How did she find out?” He whispered.
But that wasn't what bothered Harry.
"What do you mean we all hate Hagrid?"  Harry spat at Malfoy.  "What's this bullshit about him" - he pointed at Crabbe - "getting bitten by a slushie worm? They don't even have teeth!"
Crabbe chuckled, apparently very pleased with himself.
"Well, I think that should end the oaf's teaching career," Malfoy said, his eyes glistening. "Half-giant...and I thought he just downed a bottle of Skele-Gro when he was young....None of the moms and dads are going to like that at all....They 'I will be afraid that he will eat their children, ha, ha..."
"You-"
“Are you careful out there?”
Professor Grubbly-Planks' voice was transmitted to the boys; The girls were now all gathered around the unicorn, petting it.  Harry was so angry that the Daily Prophet article shook in his hands as he turned to look blankly at the unicorn, whose many magical properties Professor Grubbly-Plank was now listing out loud, so that boys can hear it too.
“I hope she stays, this woman!” said Parvati Patil when the lesson was over and they all returned to the castle for lunch. “This is more what I thought Care of Magical Creatures would be like…real creatures like unicorns, not monsters…. »
“And Hagrid?” Harry said angrily as they walked up the steps.
“What about him?” Parvati said in a harsh voice. “He can still be a gamekeeper, right?”
Parvati had been very cold towards Harry since the ball.  He supposed he should have paid her a little more attention, but she still looked like she had a good time.  She was certainly telling anyone who would listen that she had made arrangements to meet the Beauxbatons boy in Hogsmeade the next weekend.
"That was a very good lesson," Hermione said as they entered the Great Hall.  "I didn't know half of what Professor Grubbly-Plank told us about college -"
“Look at this!”  Harry growled, and shoved the Daily Prophet article under Hermione's nose.
Hermione's mouth fell open as she read.  His reaction was exactly the same as Ron's.
"How did that horrible Skeeter woman find out?" You don't think Hagrid didn't tell him?
"No," Harry said, leading the way to the Gryffindor table and throwing himself into a chair, furious.  "He never even told us, did he? I think she was so angry that he wouldn't tell her a bunch of horrible things about me, so she went looking around for him. to recover."
"Maybe she heard him say it to Madame Maxime at the ball," Hermione said softly.
“We would have seen her in the garden!” Ron said. "She's not supposed to come to school anymore anyway, Hagrid said Dumbledore forbade her..."
"Maybe she has an invisibility cloak," Harry said, dumping a chicken casserole onto his plate and splattering it everywhere in his anger.  "That's the sort of thing she would do, isn't it, hiding in the bushes listening to people."
"Like you and Ron did, you mean," Hermione said.  
“We weren’t trying to hear it!” Ron said indignantly.  "We had no choice! This idiot who talked about his giant mother where anyone could have heard him!"
"We mustgo see him, said Harry. Tonight, after Divination. Tell him we want him back. . . do you want him to come back? » he said to Hermione.
“I – well, I'm not going to pretend that it hasn't made a nice change, having a good lesson in care of magical creatures for once – but I want Hagrid back, of course I do! "  » Hermione added hastily, trembling under Harry's furious gaze.
So that evening, after dinner, the three of them left the castle once more and walked down through the frozen terrain to Hagrid's hut.  They knocked and Fang's resounding barks answered.
“Hagrid, it’s us!” Harry shouted as he knocked on the door. “Open up!”
Hagrid didn't answer.  They could hear Fang scratching at the door and moaning, but it didn't open.  They hammered there for another ten minutes; Ron even went to knock on one of the windows, but there was no response.
“Why is he avoiding us?”  Hermione said when they finally gave up and returned to school.  "Surely he doesn't think we'd care if he's half-giant?"
But it seemed Hagrid cared.  They haven't seen any sign of him all week.  He did not appear at the staff table at mealtimes, they did not see him carrying out his duties as a field game warden, and Professor Grubbly-Plank continued to attend the Care of Magical Creatures classes. .  Malfoy welcomed every possible opportunity.
“Do you miss your mixed race boyfriend? He kept whispering to Harry whenever there was a teacher around, so that he would be safe from Harry's retaliation. “Do you miss the elephant man?”
There was a visit to Hogsmeade in mid-January.  Hermione was very surprised that Harry was leaving.
“I just thought you would like to enjoy the quiet of the common room,” she said. “Really get to work on that egg.”
"Oh, I...I think I have a pretty good idea what it's about now," Harry lied.
"Really ?"  Hermione said, looking impressed.  "Good game!"
Harry's insides squirmed guiltily, but he ignored them.  He still had five weeks to find that clue on the egg, after all, and that felt like an eternity. . . whereas if he went to Hogsmeade he might meet Hagrid and have a chance of persuading him to come back.
He, Ron, and Hermione left the castle together on Saturday and headed for the gates through the cold, wet grounds.  As they passed the Durmstrang ship docked in the lake, they saw Viktor Krum emerge onto the deck, clad only in a swimsuit.  He was indeed very thin, but apparently much stronger than he looked, for he climbed over the side of the ship, stretched out his arms and dove straight into the lake.
"He is crazy!"  Harry said, staring at Krum's dark head as she jumped into the middle of the lake.  “It must be freezing, it’s January!”
"It's a lot colder where he comes from," Hermione said.  “I guess that makes him pretty hot.”
"Yeah, but there's always the giant squid," Ron said.  He didn't look anxious – on the contrary, he looked hopeful.  Hermione noticed the tone of his voice and frowned.
“He’s really nice, you know,” she said.  "He's not at all what you'd think, coming from Durmstrang. He prefers it much better here, he told me."
Ron didn't say anything.  He hadn't mentioned Viktor Krum since the ball, but Harry had found a miniature arm under his bed the day after Christmas, which looked a lot like a small mannequin wearing a Bulgarian Quidditch dress.
Harry kept his eyes peeled for any sign of Hagrid throughout the slush of High Street, and suggested a visit to the Three Broomsticks once he had verified that Hagrid was not in any of the shops.
The pub was as crowded as ever, but a quick glance at all the tables told Harry that Hagrid wasn't there.  With a sinking heart, he went up to the bar with Ron and Hermione, ordered three butterbeers from Madam Rosmerta, and thought darkly that he might as well have stayed behind and listened to the egg whine after all.
“Does he never go to the office?” » Hermione suddenly whispered. "Look!"
She pointed to the mirror behind the bar, and Harry saw Ludo Bagman reflected in it, sitting in a dark corner with a gang of goblins.  Bagman spoke very quickly and in a low voice to the goblins, who all had their arms crossed and looked rather menacing.
It was indeed strange. Harry figured that Bagman was here at the Three Broomsticks on a weekend when there was no Triwizard event, and therefore no judging to be done.  He looked at Bagman in the mirror.  He looked tense again, just as tense as that night in the forest, before the Dark Mark appeared.  But just then, Bagman glanced at the bar, saw Harry, and stood up.
“In a moment, in a moment!”  Harry heard him say sharply to the goblins, and Bagman rushed across the pub towards Harry, his childish smile back in place.
“Harry! " he said. "How are you? I was hoping to run into you! Is everything okay?"
"Very well, thank you," Harry said.
"I wonder if I could have a quick, private word, Harry?"  Bagman said eagerly.  "YouYou two couldn't leave us a moment, could you?
"Um...okay," Ron said, and he and Hermione left to find a table.
Bagman led Harry along the bar to the end farthest from Madame Rosmerta.
"Well, I just thought I'd congratulate you once again on your splendid performance against that Horntail, Harry," Bagman said. "Really gorgeous."
"Thank you," Harry said, but he knew that couldn't be all Bagman meant, because he could have congratulated Harry in front of Ron and Hermione.  Bagman, however, did not seem particularly eager to spill the beans. Harry saw him looking in the mirror above the bar at the goblins, who were all watching him and Harry silently through dark, slanted eyes.
"Absolute nightmare," Bagman said to Harry in a low voice, noticing that Harry was also watching the goblins.  “Their English isn't very good... it's like being back with all the Bulgarians at the Quidditch World Cup... but at least they used sign language that another human could recognize. These people keep chattering in Gobblede-gook...and I only know one word for Gobbledegook. It means "pickaxe." I don't like to use it in case they think I'm threatening them. "
He gave a short, resounding laugh.
“What do they want?” Harry said, noticing that the goblins were still watching Bagman very closely.
"Um... well..." Bagman said, suddenly looking nervous.  "They... uh... they're looking for Barty Crouch."
“Why are they looking for him here? Harry said.  "He's at the Ministry in London, isn't he?"
“Um… actually, I have no idea where he is,” Bagman said.  "He's kind of… stopped coming to work. He's been away for a few weeks now. Young Percy, his assistant, says he's sick. Apparently he just owled instructions. But would you mind- Not to tell anyone about it, Harry? Because Rita Skeeter is always looking everywhere she can, and I'm willing to bet she'd turn Barty's illness into something sinister. like Bertha Jorkins.
“Have you heard of Bertha Jorkins?” » Harry asked.
“No,” Bagman said, looking tense again. "I have people looking for me, of course..." (It's about time, Harry thought) "and it's all very strange. She definitely arrived in Albania, because she met her first cousin there. And then she left the cousin's house to go south and see an aunt and she seems to have disappeared without a trace along the way... she doesn't seem like the type to run away, for example .. What are we doing, talking about goblins and Bertha Jorkins I really wanted to ask you” – he lowered his voice – “how are you doing with your golden egg?
"Um...not bad," Harry said falsely.
Bagman seemed to know he wasn't being honest.
“Look, Harry,” he said (still in a very low voice), “I feel really bad about this whole thing... you were thrown into this tournament, you didn't volunteer for this. .. what if..." (her voice was so low now, Harry had to lean closer to listen) "if I can help at all... a nudge in the right direction... I've got you taken a liking to...the way you became past this dragon..well, just say the word.
Harry looked at Bagman's round, pink face and large sky blue eyes.
“We’re supposed to find the clues on our own, right?” he said, careful to keep his voice casual and not sound like he was accusing the head of the Department of Magical Games and Sports of breaking the rules.
"Well... well, yes," Bagman said impatiently, "but - come on. Harry - we all want a victory at Hogwarts, don't we?"
“Have you offered Cedric help?” » Harry said.
The slightest frown creased Bagman's smooth face.  “No, I didn’t,” he said. "I...well, like I said, I like you. I just thought I'd propose..."
"Well, thanks," Harry said, "but I think I'm almost there with the egg...a few more days should break it."
He wasn't really sure why he was refusing Bagman's help, except that Bagman was almost a stranger to him, and accepting his help would somehow be much more like cheating than asking Ron, Hermione, or Sirius for advice.
Bagman looked almost offended, but couldn't say much more as Fred and George arrived just then.
“Hello, Mr. Bagman,” Fred said cheerfully. “Can we buy you a drink?”
"Um... no," Bagman said, with one last disappointed look at Harry, "no, thanks, boys..."
Fred and George looked just as disappointed as Bagman, who was looking at Harry as if he had seriously failed him.
“Well, I have to rush,” he said. "Good to see you all. Good luck, Harry."
He hurried out of the pub.  The goblins all slid from their chairs and walked out after him. Harry went to join Ron and Hermione.  
“What did he want? » Ron said, just as Harry sat down.
“He offered to help me with the golden egg,” Harry said.
“He shouldn’t do that!” Hermione said, looking very shocked.  "It's one of the judges! And anyway, you already figured it out, right?"
“Um...Almost,” Harry said.
"Well, I don't think Dumbledore would like it if he knew Bagman was trying to persuade you to cheat!"  Hermione said, still deeply disapproving.  "I hope he tries to help Cedric that much!"
"That's not the case, I asked," Harry said.
“Who cares if Diggorys gets help? » Ron said. Harry agreed privately.
"Those goblins didn't seem very friendly," Hermione said, sipping her butterbeer.  “What were they doing here?”
"I'm looking for Crouch, according to Bagman," Harry said. "He's still sick. He hasn't worked."
"Maybe Percys poisoned him," Ron said. "He probably thinks that if Crouch makes it through this, he'll be made head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation."
Hermione gave Ron a look that wasn't joking about such things and said, "It's funny, goblins looking for Mr. Crouch... They would normally deal with the Department of Magic Regulation and Control." . Creatures.”
"But Crouch can speak lots of different languages," Harry said. “Maybe they need an interpreter.”
“You're worried about the poor stupid goblins now, aren't you? » Ron asked Hermione.  “You plan to create the S.P.U.G. or something like that? The Society for the Protection of Naughty Goblins?
"Ha, ha, ha," Hermione said sarcastically.  “Goblins don't need protection. Didn't you listen to what Professor Binns told us about the goblin rebellions?
"No," Harry and Ron said together.
"Well, they're quite capable of dealing with wizards," Hermione said, taking another sip of butterbeer.  "They are very intelligent. They are not like house elves, who never defend themselves."
"Uh-oh," Ron said, staring at the door.
Rita Skeeter had just entered.  She wore banana yellow dresses today; her long nails were painted bright pink and she was accompanied by her paunchy photographer.  She bought drinks and she and the photographer made their way through the crowd to a nearby table.  Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at her as she approached.  She spoke quickly and seemed very pleased with something.
"...he didn't seem very keen to talk to us, did he, Bozo? Now why do you think that would be? And what's he doing with a pack of goblins anyway ?Show them the sights. .what nonsense...he's always been a bad liar. Do you think we should dig a little deeper? Start a sentence quickly, Bozo – we just need to find a story that fits it – "
“Are you trying to ruin someone else’s life?” » Harry said out loud.
A few people looked around. Rita Skeeter's eyes widened behind her bejeweled glasses when she saw who had spoken.
“Harry! » she said, beaming. “How adorable! Why don’t you come join us?”
"I wouldn't come near you with a ten foot broom," Harry said furiously.  "Why did you do that to Hagrid, huh?"
Rita Skeeter raised her heavily drawn eyebrows.
"Our readers have a right to the truth, Harry. I'm just doing my-"
“Who cares if he’s half-giant?”  Harry shouted.  “There’s nothing wrong with him!”
The whole pub had become very quiet. Madame Rosmerta watched from behind the bar, seemingly oblivious to the fact that the flask she was filling with mead was overflowing.
Rita Skeeter's smile faltered ever so slightly, but she returned it almost immediately; She abruptly opened her crocodile skin purse, took out her quill, and said, "How about giving me an interview about Hagrid, you know." Harry? The man behind the muscles? Your unlikely friendship and the reasons behind it. Would you call him a father substitute? »
Hermione stood up abruptly, her butterbeer clutched in her hand as if it were a grenade.
“You horrible woman,” she said, through gritted teeth, “you don't care, do you, anything for a story, and anyone will do it, right? not? Even Ludo Bagman -"
"Sit down, you little idiot, and don't talk about things you don't understand," Rita Skeeter said coldly, her eyes hardening as they fell on Hermione.  "I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl...not that it needs it -" she added, looking at Hermione's bushy hair.
"Let's go," said Hermione, "come on. Harry - Ron..."
They left; many people looked at them as they walked.  Harry glanced back as they reached the door.  Quick-Quotes Quill by Rita Skeeter was out; he zoomed back and forth on a piece of parchment on the table.
"She'll come after you next time, Hermione," Ron said in a low, worried voice as they walked quickly back up the street.
“Let her try!” » Hermione said defiantly; she was trembling with rage. "I'll show her! Silly little girl, aren't you? Oh, I'll get her back for that. First Harry, then Hagrid..."
"You don't want to upset Rita Skeeter," Ron said nervously. "I'm serious, Hermione, she's going to dig up something on you -"
"My parents don't read the Daily Prophet. It can't scare me into hiding!"  Hermione said, now moving so fast that it was all Harry and Ron could do to keep up with her.  The last time Harry saw HErmione, in such a rage, had punched Draco Malfoy in the face.  "And Hagrid isn't hiding anymore! He should never have let this excuse for being human upset him! Come on!"
Starting to run, she led them all the way down the road, through the gates flanked by winged boars, and across the park to Hagrid's hut.
The curtains were still drawn and they could hear Fang barking as they approached.
“Hagrid! » Hermione shouted as she knocked on her front door.  "Hagrid, that's enough! We know you're in there! No one cares if your mother was a giantess, Hagrid! You can't let that filthy Skeeter woman do this to you! Hagrid, get out of here , you're just being -"
The door opened. Hermione said, “About…!” then stopped, very abruptly, because she found herself face to face, not with Hagrid, but with Albus Dumbledore.
"Hello," he said pleasantly, smiling at them.
"We-uh-we wanted to see Hagrid," Hermione said in a rather small voice.
"Yes, I guessed that," Dumbledore said, his eyes sparkling.  “Why don’t you come in?”
"Oh... uh... okay," Hermione said.
She, Ron and Harry entered the cabin; Fang lunged at Harry the moment he entered, barking madly and trying to lick his ears.  Harry pushed Fang away and looked around.
Hagrid was sitting at his table, where there were two large cups of tea.  He looked really messy.  His face was blotchy, his eyes were puffy, and he had gone to the other extreme when it came to his hair; far from trying to make him behave, he now looked like a wig of tangled wire.
"Hello, Hagrid," Harry said.
Hagrid looked up.
"'Lo," he said in a very hoarse voice.
"More tea, I think," Dumbledore said, closing the door behind Harry, Ron and Hermione, taking out his wand and waving it; a rotating tea tray appeared in the air with a plate of cakes.  Dumbledore magically placed the tray on the table and everyone sat down. There was a slight pause, then Dumbledore said, "Did you happen to hear what Miss Granger was shouting, Hagrid?"
Hermione turned slightly pink, but Dumbledore smiled at her and continued, "Hermione, Harry and Ron still seem to want to know you, judging by the way they were trying to break down the door."
“Of course, we still want to know you!”  » Harry said looking at Hagrid.  "You don't think anything of that cow Skeeter - sorry, Professor," he added quickly, looking at Dumbledore.
"I've gone temporarily deaf and have no idea what you said. Harry," Dumbledore said, twiddling his thumbs and looking at the ceiling.
"Um, that's true," Harry said sheepishly.  "I just wanted to say... Hagrid, how could you think we would care what that woman wrote about you?"
Two large tears fell from Hagrid's black eyes and slowly fell into his tangled beard.
"Living proof of what I told you, Hagrid," Dumbledore said, still staring intently at the ceiling.  "I showed you the letters from the countless relatives who remembered you from when they were here, telling me in no uncertain terms that if I sent you away, they would have something to say about it -"
"Not all of them," Hagrid said hoarsely. “They don’t all want me to stay.”
"Really, Hagrid, if you hope for universal popularity, I'm afraid you'll be in this hut for a very long time," said Dumbledore, now looking sternly over his half-moon glasses.  "Not a week has passed since I became principal of this school without at least one owl complaining about the way I run it. But what should I do? Barricade myself in my office and refuse to talk to anyone?"
“Yeah, yeah, you’re not half giant!”  Hagrid said hoarsely.
"Hagrid, look what I have for my family!"  » Harry said furiously.  "Look at the Dursleys!"
"That's an excellent point," said Professor Dumbledore.  "My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for performing inappropriate spells on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he didn't! He guarded the head held high and went about his business as usual Of course, I'm not entirely sure he can read, so maybe it wasn't courage.."
"Come back and teach, Hagrid," Hermione said softly, "please come back, we really miss you."
Hagrid swallowed.  More tears ran down his cheeks and into his tangled beard.
Dumbledore stood up.  “I refuse to accept your resignation, Hagrid, and I expect you to return to work on Monday,” he said.  "You will join me for breakfast at eight thirty in the Great Hall. No excuses. Good morning everyone."
Dumbledore left the cabin, stopping only to scratch Fang's ears.  When the door closed behind him, Hagrid began to sob into his hands the size of trash can lids.  Hermione kept patting his arm, and finally, Hagrid looked up, his eyes really red, and said, "Great man, Dumbledore...great man..."
"Yeah, he is," Ron said. "Can I have one of these cakes, Hagrid?" 
“Help yourself,” Hagrid said, wiping his eyes with the back of his hand.  "Um, he's right, of course - yeah it's all good"...I'm stupid...my old dad wouldIda is ashamed of the way I behaved..." More tears fell, but he wiped them away with more force and said: "I never showed you a picture of my old father, did I not ?  Here..."
Hagrid stood up, walked over to his dresser, opened a drawer and pulled out a picture of a little wizard with Hagrid's crinkled black eyes, beaming as he sat on Hagrid's shoulder. Hagrid was seven or eight feet tall, judging by the apple tree beside him, but his face was hairless, young, round and smooth – he looked barely older than eleven.
"This was taken right after I entered Hogwarts," Hagrid croaked.  "Dad was completely upset… he thought maybe I wouldn't be a wizard, you see, because me, Mom… well, anyway. Of course, I was never very good at magic, really. ...but at least he was never very good at magic saw me expelled He died, you see, in second year.
"Dumbledore was the one who stood up for me after Dad left. He gave me the job as gamekeeper... he trusts people, he does. He gives them second chances... he "I'll accept anyone at Hogwarts, as long as they have the talent. He knows that people can get by even if their families are... well... perfectly respectable. But some people don't understand that. I'll always blame myself, eh? There are some who would even pretend they just had big bones rather than stand up and say - I am who I am, and "I'm never ashamed." my old father used to say, "There are some who will blame you, but it's not worth worrying about it." And he was right. I am an idiot. I don't bother with her anymore, I promise, I'll give her big bones.
Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at each other nervously; Harry would have rather walked fifty Blast-Ended Skrewts than admit to Hagrid that he had heard him talking to Madame Maxime, but Hagrid was still talking, apparently unaware that he had said anything strange.
"You know what, Harry?" " he said, looking up from the photo of his father, his eyes very bright, " when I first met you, you reminded me a little of myself. Mom and Dad left, and you felt like you would. You belong at Hogwarts, remember? I'm not sure you're really up to it...and now look at you, Harry, school champion!
He looked at Harry for a moment then said very seriously, "You know what I'd like. Harry? I'd love for you to win, I really would. It would show them all... yeah, no" You must be blood pure to do it. You must not be ashamed of who you are. This would show them that Dumbledore is right, letting anyone in as long as they know how to do magic. with this egg, Harry?
"Great," Harry said. "Really great."
Hagrid's miserable face turned into a wide, watery smile.
"That's my boy... you show them, Harry, you show them. Beat them all."
Lying to Hagrid wasn't really like lying to anyone else.  Harry returned to the castle later that afternoon with Ron and Hermione, unable to banish the image of the happy expression on Hagrid's whiskered face as he had imagined Harry winning the tournament.  The incomprehensible egg weighed heavier than ever on Harry's conscience that night, and by the time he got into bed, he had made his decision: it was time to put his pride aside and see if Cédric's allusion was worth something.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE - THE EGG AND THE EYE

Harry had no idea how long a bath he would need to discover the secret of the golden egg, so he decided to do it at night, when he could take as much time as he wanted. Although he was reluctant to accept any more favors from Cedric, he also decided to use the prefects' bathroom; far fewer people were allowed in, so it was far less likely to be disturbed.
Harry had planned his excursion carefully, as he had already been caught out of bed and out of bounds by Filch the caretaker in the middle of the night, and he had no desire to repeat the experience.  The invisibility cloak would, of course, be essential, and as an extra precaution Harry figured he would take the Marauder's Map, which, next to the cloak, was the most useful aid Harry had for breaking the rules.  The map showed the whole of Hogwarts, including its many shortcuts and secret passages and, more importantly, it revealed the people inside the castle as tiny labeled dots, moving through the corridors, so that Harry be warned if anyone approaches. The bathroom.
Thursday night, Harry crawled into bed, put on the cloak, went back down the stairs and, just as he had done the night Hagrid showed him the dragons, waited for the portrait hole to open.  This time it was Ron waiting outside to give the Fat Lady the password ("banana fritters"), "Good luck," Ron muttered, clambering into the room as Harry snuck past him.
It was awkward moving under the cloak tonight, because Harry had the heavy egg under one arm and the map held in front of his nose with the other. However, the moonlit corridors were empty andilent, and by checking the map at strategic intervals, Harry was able to ensure that he wouldn't run into anyone he wanted to avoid.  When he reached the statue of Boris the Bewildered, a lost-looking wizard with his gloves in the wrong hands, he located the correct door, leaned close to it and muttered the password "Fresh Pine", exactly as Cedric had told him. .
The door creaked open. Harry slipped inside, locked the door behind him and removed the invisibility cloak, looking around.
His immediate reaction was that it would be worth becoming a prefect just to be able to use these toilets.  It was softly lit by a splendid chandelier filled with candles and everything was made of white marble, including what looked like an empty rectangular swimming pool sunken in the middle of the floor.  Around a hundred golden faucets sat all around the edges of the pool, each with a different colored gem set into its handle.  There was also a diving board.  Long white linen curtains hung from the windows; a large stack of fluffy white towels sat in the corner and there was a single gold-framed painting on the wall.  It featured a blonde mermaid who
was sleeping soundly on a rock, his long hair covering his face.  It floated every time she snored.
Harry stepped forward, looking around, his footsteps echoing off the walls.  As beautiful as the bathroom was – and as much as he wanted to try out some of those faucets – now that he was here, he couldn't quite suppress the feeling that Cedric might have had. How the hell was this supposed to help solve the mystery of the egg?  Nonetheless, he placed one of the Huffy towels, the cape, the map, and the egg on the edge of the pool-sized tub, then knelt down and turned on a few taps.
He could tell immediately that they were carrying different kinds of bubble bath mixed with water, although it wasn't bubble bath like Harry had ever experienced.  A single blow released pink and blue bubbles the size of footballs; another poured an ice-white foam so thick that Harry thought it would have supported his weight if he had wanted to test it; a third sent highly fragrant purple clouds hovering above the water's surface.  Harry amused himself for a while by turning the taps on and off, particularly enjoying the effect of the one whose jet bounced on the surface of the water in large arcs.  Then, when the deep pool was full of warm water, foam and bubbles, which took very little time considering his size, Harry turned off all the taps, took off his pajamas, slippers and dressing gown, and slipped into the water. .
It was so deep that his feet barely touched the bottom, and he actually went a few laps before coming back to the side and walking on the water, looking at the egg.  Although it was very nice to swim in warm, foamy water with clouds of different colored steam floating all around him, no flash of genius came to him, no sudden burst of understanding.
Harry stretched out his arms, lifted the egg in his wet hands and opened it.  Moans and screams filled the bathroom, echoing and reverberating off the marble walls, but it still seemed just as incomprehensible, if not more so with all the echoes.  He closed it, worried that the sound would attract Filch, wondering if this had been Cedric's plan - and then, causing him to jump so violently that he dropped the egg, which crashed onto the bathroom floor, someone spoke.
"I'd try putting it in the water, if I were you."
Harry had swallowed a considerable amount of bubbles in shock.  He got up, stammering, and saw the ghost of a very sullen-looking girl sitting cross-legged on one of the taps.  It was Moaning Myrtle, usually heard sobbing in the S-bend of the bathroom three floors down.
"Myrtle!"  Harry said indignantly, "I-I'm not wearing anything!"
The foam was so dense that it hardly mattered, but he had the unpleasant feeling that Myrtle had been spying on him from one of the taps since his arrival.
“I closed my eyes when you came in,” she said, blinking through her thick glasses. “You haven’t come to see me in ages.”
"Yeah... well... " Harry said, bending his knees slightly, just to be absolutely sure that Myrtle couldn't see anything but his head. "I'm not supposed to come into your bathroom, am I?" It's a girls' bathroom.
"Before, you didn't care," Myrtle said miserably. “You were there the whole time.”
It was true, but only because Harry, Ron, and Hermione had found Myrtle's broken toilet a convenient place to secretly brew a polyjuice potion - a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into living replicas of Crabbe and Goyle for a while. hour, so they could sneak into the Slytherin common room.
“I was blamed for going in there.” » Harry said, which was half true; Percy had once caught him leaving Myrtles' bathroom.  “I thought I’d better not come back after that.”
"Oh...I see..." Myrtle said, pecking a spot on her chin morosely.it kind of is. "Well...anyway...I'll try the egg in the water. That's what Cedric Diggory did."
“Are you spying on him too?”  Harry said indignantly.  “What are you doing, do you come here in the evening to watch the prefects take baths?”
"Sometimes," said Myrtle, rather slyly, "but I've never gone out to talk to anyone before."
"I'm honored," Harry said darkly.  “Keep your eyes closed! »
He made sure Myrtle had covered her glasses before climbing out of the bath, wrapping the towel tightly around her waist and going to retrieve the egg.  Once back in the water, Myrtle looked through her fingers and said, "Go ahead, then...open it underwater!"
Harry lowered the egg beneath the foamy surface and opened it…and this time he didn't moan.  A gurgling song came out, a song whose words he could not distinguish through the water.
“You need to get your head turned on, too,” said Myrtle, who seemed to really enjoy giving him orders.  "Keep on going!"
Harry took a deep breath and slipped beneath the surface - and now, sitting on the marble bottom of the bubble-filled bath, he heard a chorus of strange voices singing to him from the open egg in his hands:

"Come and find us where our voices resonate,
We can't sing above the ground,
And while you're searching, consider this:
I took what you will sorely miss,
One hour you will have to watch,
And to get back what we took,
But after an hour, the outlook is dark,
Too late, it's gone, it won't come back"

Harry floated upwards and broke the bubbling surface, pushing his hair out of his eyes.
“Do you hear it? said Myrtle.
"Yeah... 'Come and find us where our voices resonate..' and if I need to convince... wait, I have to listen again...."
He fell back under the water.  It took three more underwater renditions of the egg's song before Harry memorized it; then he walked on the water for a while, thinking seriously, while Myrtle sat and watched him.
"I have to go find the people who can't use their voice above ground..." he said slowly. “Um… who could it be?”
“Slowly, right? »
He had never seen Moaning Myrtle so happy, aside from the day a dose of PolyJuice Potion had given Hermione a furry cat face and tail.  Harry looked around the bathroom, thinking… if voices could only be heard underwater, then it made sense that they belonged to underwater creatures.  He explained this theory to Myrtle, who smirked at him.
“Well, that’s what Diggory thought,” she said. "He sat there talking about it for centuries. Centuries and centuries...almost all the bubbles were gone...."
"Underwater..." Harry said slowly. "Myrtle...what lives in the lake besides the giant squid?"
“Oh, all kinds,” she said. "I sometimes go... sometimes I have no choice, if someone flushes the toilet when I don't expect it..."
I try not to think about Moaning Myrtle going down a pipe to the lake with the contents of the toilet.  Harry said, "Well, does anything in there have a human voice? Wait -"
Harry's eyes fell on the picture of the sleeping mermaid on the wall.
"Myrtle, there aren't any mermaids in there, are there?"
"Oooh, very good," she said, her thick glasses glinting, "it took Diggory a lot longer than that! And it was with her awake too" - Myrtle tilted her head towards the mermaid with an expression of great dislike on his sullen face. - “laugh, show off and show your fins.. ..”
“That’s it, isn’t it?”  Harry said enthusiastically.  "The second task is to go find the mermaids in the lake and... and..."
But he suddenly realized what he was saying, and he felt the excitement leave him as if someone had just pulled a cork into his stomach.  He wasn't a very good swimmer; he'd never had much practice.  Dudley had had lessons in his youth, but Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, probably hoping that Harry would drown one day, had not bothered to give him any.  A few lengths of this swim were fine, but this lake was very large and very deep. . . and the mermaids would surely live down there. . . .
"Myrtle," Harry said slowly, "how am I supposed to breathe?"
At this, Myrtle's eyes filled with sudden tears again.
“Tactless! "" she muttered, searching for a handkerchief in her robes.
“What is tactless?” » Harry said, baffled.
“I’m talking about breathing in front of me!”  she said shrilly, and her voice echoed loudly in the bathroom.  "When I can't... when I haven't... not in ages..."
She buried her face in her handkerchief and sniffed loudly.  Harry remembered how sensitive Myrtle had always been about being dead, but none of the other ghosts he knew made such a fuss about it.
“Sorry,” he said impatiently. “I didn’t mean – I just forgot…”
"Oh yes, it's very easy to forget about Myrtle's death," Myrtle said swallowing, looking at him with swollen eyes.  "No one missed me, even while I was alive. It took them hours and hours to find my body - I know, I was sitting there waiting for them. Olive Hornby entered the bathroom. 'Are you still here sulking, Myrtle?'  she said, "because Professor Dippet asked me to look for you..." And then she saw my body. . . ooooh, she didn't forget it until her last day, I made sure of that...I followed her everywhere and reminded her that I did. I remember his brother's wedding..."
But Harry wasn't listening; he thought of the song of the sirens.  “We took what you sorely lack.”  It looked like they were going to steal something from him, something he needed to get back.  What were they going to take?
"--and then, of course, she went to the Ministry of Magic to stop me from stalking her, so I had to come back here and live in my toilet."
"Good," Harry said vaguely.  "Well, I'm a lot further along than before... Close your eyes again, will you? I'm leaving."
He retrieved the egg from the bottom of the bathtub, got out, dried himself and put on his pajamas and dressing gown again.
“Will you visit me in my bathroom again sometime?”  » asked Mimi Whine sadly as Harry retrieved the invisibility cloak.
"Um...I'll try," Harry said, although he privately thought that the only way he would visit Myrtle's toilet again was if every other toilet in the castle was blocked.  "See you soon. Myrtle...thanks for your help."
"Goodbye, goodbye," she said darkly, and as Harry put on the invisibility cloak, he saw her turn the tap back on.
In the dark corridor, Harry examined the Marauder's Map to check that the coast was still clear.  Yes, the points belonging to Filch and his cat, Mrs. Norris, were safe in their office. .. nothing else seemed to move besides Peeves, even though he was bouncing around in the trophy room on the upper floor. ... Harry had taken his first step towards Gryffindor Tower when something else on the map caught his eye. . . something really strange.
Peeves wasn't the only thing moving.  A single dot fluttered around a room in the lower left corner – Snape's office.  But the dot wasn't labeled 'Severus Snape'...it was Bartemius Crouch.
Harry looked at the dot. Mr Crouch was supposedly too ill to go to work or come to the Yule Ball – so what was he doing, sneaking into Hogwarts at one in the morning?  Harry watched carefully as the dot moved around the room, stopping here and there. ...
Harry hesitated, thinking. . . and then his curiosity got the better of him.  He turned and walked in the opposite direction towards the nearest staircase.  He was going to see what Crouch was doing.
Harry descended the stairs as gently as possible, although the faces of some of the portraits still turned curiously at the creaking of a floorboard, the rustling of his pajamas.  He slipped into the hallway below, pushed aside a tapestry halfway, and descended a narrower staircase, a shortcut that would take him two flights of stairs.  He kept glancing at the map, wondering... Somehow, this just didn't seem right to Mr. Crouch, an honest, law-abiding man , to sneak into someone else's office this late at night...
And then, halfway up the stairs, without thinking about what he was doing, without concentrating on anything other than Mr. Crouch's peculiar behavior, Harry's leg suddenly sank through the delicate step that Neville always forgot to jump.  He made an unsightly movement and the golden egg, still damp from the bath, slipped from under his arm. He lunged forward to try to catch it, but too late; the egg fell down the long staircase with a sound as loud as a bass drum on each step - the invisibility cloak slipped - Harry caught it, and the Marauder's Map flew from his hand and slid down the stairs. six steps, where, sinking into the step above his knee, he could not reach it.
The golden egg fell through the tapestry at the bottom of the stairs, opened, and began to moan loudly in the hallway below.  Harry took out his wand and struggled to touch the Marauder's Map, to erase it, but it was too far away to reach him -
Pulling the cloak off of him, Harry sat up, listening intently, his eyes narrowed in fear. . . and, almost immediately -
“PEEVES! »
It was the unmistakable hunting cry of Filch the guardian.  Harry could hear her quick, shuffling footsteps coming closer and closer, her hissing voice raised in fury.
"What's the commotion? Wake up the whole castle, will you? I'll get you, Peeves, I'll get you, you...and what is that?"
Filch's footsteps stopped; there was a clink of metal on metal and the wailing stopped – Filch had picked up the egg and closed it.  Harry stood very still, one leg still firmly stuck in the magic step, listening.  Any moment now, Filch would move the tapestry aside, expecting to see Peeves. . . and there would be no Peeves... but if he went up the stairs, he would spot the Marauder's Map. . . and Invisibility Cloak or not, the map would show "Harry Potter" exactly where he was.
"Egg?"  Filch saidquiet at the foot of the stairs.  "My sweet!" - Mrs. Norris was obviously with him - "It's a Triwizard clue! It belongs to a champion of the school!"
Harry felt sick; his heart was beating very hard -
“PEEVES! » Filch roared happily.  “You stole!”
He tore the tapestry beneath it, and Harry saw his horrible chubby face and pale, bulging eyes staring up at the dark and (to Filch) deserted staircase.
“You’re hiding, aren’t you?”  he said softly.  "I'm coming for you, Peeves. . . . You went and stole a clue from the Triwizards, Peeves... . Dumbledore is going to get you out of here for that, you dirty, pilfering poltergeist...."
Filch started up the stairs, his skinny, dust-colored cat at his heels.  Mrs. Morris's lamp-like eyes, so like those of her masters, were fixed directly on Harry.  He had already had occasion to wonder if the invisibility cloak worked on cats. . . . Sick with apprehension, he watched Filch move closer and closer in his old flannel dressing gown - he desperately tried to free his trapped leg, but it simply sank in a few more inches - from a second to the Otherwise, Filch was going to locate the map or walk. directly into him -
“Filch?” What is going on ?
Filch stopped a few steps below Harry and turned.  At the foot of the stairs stood the only person who could make Harry's situation worse: Snape.  He was wearing a long gray nightgown and looked pale.
"It's Peeves, Professor," Filch whispered maliciously.  “He threw that egg down the stairs.”
Snape quickly ran up the stairs and stopped next to Filch.  Harry gritted his teeth, convinced that his pounding heart would betray him at any moment. . . .
“Pet peeves? » Snape said softly, staring at the egg in Filch's hands.  "But Peeves couldn't get into my office..."
“This egg was in your office. Teacher ?
"Of course not," Snape retorted.  "I heard banging and moaning -"
"Yes, professor, it was the egg -" 
"- I came to investigate -" 
"-Peeves started it. Professor-"
"-and when I walked past my desk, I saw that the torches were lit and a cupboard door was ajar! Someone was going through it!"
But Peeves couldn’t…” 
"I know he couldn't, Filch!" » Snape spat again. "I seal my office with a spell no wizard could break!"  Snape looked up the stairs, directly at Harry, then down at the corridor below.  "I want you to come help me search for the intruder, Filch."
“I – yes, professor – but –”
Filch looked longingly up the stairs, up to Harry, who could see that he was very reluctant to give up the opportunity to corner Peeves.  Come on, Harry begged silently, go with Snape. . . go. . . Mrs. Norris was looking around Filch's legs... Harry had the distinct impression that she could smell him... . . Why had he filled this bath with so much perfumed foam?
"The problem, Professor," Filch said plaintively, "the headmaster will have to listen to me this time. Peeves stole a student, this could be my chance to get him kicked out of the castle once and for all - "
"Filch, I don't care about that miserable poltergeist; it's my office that's -"
Clown. Clown. Clown.
Snape stopped speaking very abruptly.  He and Filch both looked at the foot of the stairs.  Harry saw Mad-Eye Moody limping through the narrow space between their heads. Moody wore his old traveling cloak over his nightgown and leaned on his staff as usual.
“Slumber party, right?”  » he growled as he went up the stairs.
"Professor Snape and I heard noises, Professor," Filch said immediately.  “The Poltergeist is irritated, throwing things as usual – and then Professor Snape discovered that someone had broken into his trunk –”
"Shut up!"  » Snape hissed at Filch.
Moody took a step towards the foot of the stairs.  Harry saw Moody's magical eye travel to Snape, then, no doubt, to himself.
Harry's heart gave a horrible shock. Moody could see through the invisibility cloaks... only he could see the full strangeness of the scene:
Snape in his nightgown, Filch holding the egg, and him, Harry, stuck on the stairs behind them.  Moody's half-open mouth opened in surprise.  For a few seconds, he and Harry looked into each other's eyes.  Then Moody closed his mouth and turned his blue eye towards Snape again.  
"Did I hear that correctly, Snape?" » he asked slowly. “Did someone break into your office?”
"It doesn't matter," Snape said coldly.  "On the contrary," Moody growled, "it's very important. Who would want to break into your office?"
"A student, I dare say," Snape said.  Harry could see a vein flickering horribly on Snape's greasy temple.  "It's happened before. Potion ingredients went missing from my private store cupboard...students attempting illicit concoctions, no doubt..."
"I think they were looking for the potion ingredients, huh?" Moody said.  "You're not hiding anything else in your office, are you?"
Harry saw the edge of Snape's sallow face turn an ugly brick color, the vein in his temple throbbing faster.
"You know that I amDon't hide anything, Moody," he said in a soft and dangerous voice, "because you yourself have searched my office quite thoroughly."
Moody's face broke into a smile. "Auror privilege, Snape. Dumbledore told me to keep an eye -"
"Dumbledore trusts me," Snape said through gritted teeth.  “I refuse to believe he ordered you to search my office!”
"Of course, Dumbledore trusts you," Moody growled.  “He’s a trustworthy man, isn’t he?” He believes in second chances. But I... I say there are some stains that won't come off, Snape. Stains that never come off, you know what I mean?
Snape suddenly did something very strange.  He convulsively grabbed his left forearm with his right hand, as if something had hurt him.
Moody laughs. "Go back to bed, Snape."
“You don’t have the power to send me anywhere!”  » Snape hissed, dropping his arm as if angry with himself.  “I have as much right as you to wander around this school after dark!”
"Prowl," Moody said, but his voice was full of menace.  “I look forward to meeting you in a dark hallway one day… By the way, you dropped something….”
With a pang of horror. Harry saw Moody pointing at the Marauder's Map, still lying on the stairs six steps below him.  As Snape and Filch both turned to look at him, Harry threw caution to the wind; he raised his arms under the cloak and waved furiously at Moody to get his attention, saying "It's mine! Mine!"
Snape had reached out to catch it, a horrible expression of understanding dawning on his face -
“Accio Parchment!”
The map flew through the air, slipped through Snape's outstretched fingers, and down the stairs into Moody's hand.
"It's my mistake," Moody said calmly.  “It’s mine – I must have dropped it earlier –”
But Snape's dark eyes moved from the egg in Filch's arms to the map in Moody's hand, and Harry could tell he was connecting the dots as only Snape could. . . .
"Potter," he said softly.
"What is this?" » Moody said calmly, folding the card and putting it in his pocket.
"Potter!" Snape growled, and he turned his head and stared at where Harry was, as if he could suddenly see him.  "This egg is Potter's egg. This piece of parchment belongs to Potter. I've seen it before, I recognize it! Potter is here! Potter, in his invisibility cloak!"
Snape stretched out his hands like a blind man and began to climb the stairs; Harry could have sworn his oversized nostrils flared, trying to sniff Harry – trapped. Harry leaned back, trying to avoid Snape's fingertips, but any moment now...
"There's nothing there, Snape!" " Moody barked, "but I'll be happy to tell the Headmaster how quickly your mind turned to Harry Potter!
"Which means?"  Snape turned to look at Moody again, his hands still outstretched, inches from Harry's chest.
"Which means Dumbledore is very interested in knowing who is preying on this boy!" » Moody said, limping even closer to the foot of the stairs.  "And me too, Snape... very interested..." The light from the torch flickered on his mutilated face, so that the scars and the missing piece of his face were visible.
his nose seemed deeper and darker than ever.
Snape was looking at Moody, and Harry couldn't see the expression on his face. For a moment, no one moved or said anything.  Then Snape slowly lowered his hands.
"I was just thinking," Snape said, his voice forced and calm, "that if Potter was still wandering around after hours... it's an unfortunate habit of his... he should be arrested. For - for his own security.
"Ah, I see," Moody said softly. "You have Potter's best interests at heart, don't you?"
There was a pause.  Snape and Moody were still looking at each other, Mrs. Norris gave a loud meow, still looking around Filch's legs, looking for the source of Harry's bubble bath smell.
"I think I'll go back to bed," Snape said dryly.
"Best idea you've had all night," Moody said.  "Now, Filch, if you'll just give me this egg-"
"No!"  » Filch said, clutching the egg as if it were his eldest son.  "Professor Moody, this is proof of Peeves' betrayal!"
"It's the property of the champion he stole it from," Moody said.   Give it to me now. »
Snape came down the stairs and passed Moody without another word.  Filch chirped at Mrs. Norris, who stared blankly at Harry for a few more seconds before turning and following her master.  I still breathe very quickly.  Harry heard Snape walk away down the corridor; Filch handed Moody the egg and disappeared as well, muttering to Mrs. Norris. "Whatever. darling...we'll see Dumbledore in the morning...tell him what Peeves was doing..."
A door slammed.  Harry stood watching Moody, who placed his staff on the lowest staircase and began to laboriously climb towards him, a dull thud with every second step.
"Have a clean shave. Potter," he muttered. 
"Yeah...I - uh...thanks," Harry said weakly.
"What is this thing?"  » Moody said, taking the Marauder's Map out of his pocket and unfolding it.
"Map"Hogwarts," Harry said, hoping that Moody would pull him off the stairs soon; his leg was really hurting.
"Merlin's Beard," Moody muttered, staring at the map, his magical eye going haywire. “It’s… it’s a map. Potter! »
"Yeah, it's...very useful," Harry said. His eyes were starting to water from the pain. "Um - Professor Moody, do you think you could help me -?"
"What? Oh! Yes... yes, of course..."
Moody grabbed Harry's arms and pulled; Harry's leg freed itself from the trap step and he climbed onto the one above.  Moody was still looking at the map.
"Potter..." he said slowly, "by any chance you wouldn't have seen who broke into Snape's office, would you?" On this card, I mean?
"Um... yeah, I did..." Harry admitted. "It was Mr. Crouch."
Moody's magical eye scanned the entire surface of the map.  He suddenly looked alarmed.
"Squat?" he said.  “You’re…you’re sure.” Potter?
"Positive," Harry said.
"Well, he's not here anymore," Moody said, his eye still hovering over the map.  “Squat down…this is very – very interesting…”
He said nothing for almost a minute, his eyes still fixed on the map.  Harry could tell that this news meant something to Moody and really wanted to know what it was.  He wondered if he dared to ask.  Moody scared him slightly. . . yet Moody had just helped him avoid a lot of trouble. . . .
"Um... Professor Moody... why do you think Mr. Crouch wanted to look into Snape's office?"
Moody's magical eye left the map and fixed, quivering, on Harry.  It was a penetrating look, and Harry felt like Moody was assessing him, wondering whether or not he should respond, or what to say to him.
"Put it this way. Potter," Moody finally muttered, "they say old Mad-Eye is obsessed with catching dark wizards... but I'm nothing - nothing - compared to Barty Crouch.”
He continued to look at the map. Harry was eager to know more.
"Professor Moody?" he said again.  “Do you think… that might have something to do with… maybe Mr. Crouch thinks something is going on….”
"Like what?" » Moody said dryly.
Harry wondered what he would dare to say.  He didn't want Moody to guess that he had a source of information outside of Hogwarts; this could lead to some awkward questions about Sirius.
"I don't know," Harry muttered, "strange things have been happening lately, haven't they? It's been in the Daily Prophet... the Dark Mark at the World Cup, and Death Eaters and all..."
Moody's two mismatched eyes widened.
"You're a smart boy. Potter," he said.  His magical eye returned to the Marauder's Map.  “Crouch might think along those lines,” he said slowly.  "Very possible...there have been some funny rumors floating around lately - with the help of Rita Skeeter, of course. It's making a lot of people nervous, I think."  A sinister smile twisted his lopsided mouth.  "Oh, if there's one thing I hate," he muttered, more to himself than to Harry, and his magical eye was fixed on the left corner of the card, "it's a Death Eater who was free...."
Harry looked at him. Could Moody mean what Harry thought he was saying?
"And now I want to ask you a question. Potter," Moody said in a more matter-of-fact tone.
Harry's heart sank; he had thought this was going to happen.  Moody was going to ask where he had gotten this card, which was a very dubious magical item - and the story of how it had fallen into his hands incriminated not only him, but also his own father, Fred and George Weasley, and Professor Lupin, their last Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher.  Moody waved the card in front of Harry, who prepared himself...
“Can I borrow this?”
"Oh!" Harry said.
He really liked his card, but on the other hand, he was extremely relieved that Moody didn't ask him where he got it, and there was no doubt that he owed Moody a favor.
"Yeah OK."
"Good boy," Moody grunted. "I can put this to good use... maybe it's just what I was looking for... Well, off to bed, Potter, come on, now...."
They walked up the stairs together, Moody still examining the map as if it were a treasure unlike anything he had ever seen before.  They walked in silence to Moody's office door, where he stopped and looked up at Harry.
"Have you ever thought about a career as an Auror, Potter?"
"No," Harry said, surprised.
"You want to think about it," Moody said, nodding and looking at Harry thoughtfully. "Yes, indeed...and incidentally...I suppose you weren't just going to take that egg for a walk tonight?"
 "Um – no," Harry said, smiling. “I worked on the clue.”
Moody winked at him, his magical eye going haywire again. "Nothing better than a nighttime stroll to give yourself ideas, Potter. . .. See you tomorrow morning...."
He returned to his office, staring at the Marauder's Map again, and closed the door behind him.
Harry walked slowly back to Gryffindor Tower, lost in thought about Snape, Crouch, and what it all meant... Why was Crouch pretending to be sick, ifhe could arrive at Hogwarts whenever he wanted?  What did he think Snape was hiding in his office?
And Moody meant it. Harry, should be an Auror!  Interesting idea... but one way or another. Harry thought, as he quietly climbed into his four-poster bed ten minutes later, the egg and cloak now safely in his trunk, he thought he would like to check how marked the others were before choosing this career as a career. .

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX - THE SECOND TASK

You said you already found this clue on the egg! » Hermione said indignantly.
"Lower your voice!"  » Harry said in an angry tone.  “I just need to… fine-tune it, okay?”
He, Ron and Hermione were sitting at the back of the Charms classroom with a table to themselves.  They were supposed to be practicing the opposite of the Summoning Charm today: the Banishing Charm.  Due to the risk of unpleasant accidents when objects kept flying across the room.  Professor Flitwick had given each student a stack of cushions to practice on, the theory being that these wouldn't hurt anyone if they missed the target.  It was a good theory, but it didn't work very well.  Neville's aim was so poor that he accidentally sent much heavier objects flying across the room - Professor Flitwick, for example.
“Just forget the egg for a minute, okay?  Harry hissed as Professor Flitwick walked past them whistling resignedly, landing on top of a large piece of furniture.  "I'm trying to talk to you about Snape and Moody..."
This class was a perfect cover for a private conversation, because everyone was having too much fun to pay attention.  Harry had been recounting his adventures of the previous night in a low voice for the last half hour.
"Snape said Moodys searched his office too?"  Ron murmured, eyes bright with interest as he banished a cushion with a wave of his wand (it flew into the air and knocked Parvati's hat off).  "What...you think Moody is here to keep an eye on Snape as well as Karkaroff?"
"Well, I don't know if that's what Dumbledore asked him to do, but he definitely does it," Harry said, waving his wand without paying much attention, so that his cushion made a strange sort of belly flopping onto the desk.  "Moody said that Dumbledore only lets Snape stay here because he's giving him a second chance or something...."
"What?" Ron said, wide-eyed, his next cushion spinning high in the air, ricocheting off the chandelier and falling heavily onto Flitwick's desk.  "Harry...maybe Moody thinks Snape put your name in the Goblet of Fire!"
"Oh Ron," Hermione said, shaking her head skeptically, "we thought Snape was trying to kill Harry before, and it turned out he was saving Harry's life, remember?"
She banished a pillow that flew across the room and landed in the box they were all supposed to be aiming for.  Harry looked at Hermione, thinking… it was true that Snape had saved his life once, but the strange thing was that Snape definitely hated him, just like he hated Harry's father when they were at home. school together.  Snape loved taking points from Harry and certainly never missed an opportunity to punish him, or even suggest that he should be suspended from school.
"I don't care what Moody says," Hermione continued.  "Dumbledore isn't stupid. He was right to trust Hagrid and Professor Lupin, even though many people wouldn't have given them jobs, so why wouldn't he be right about Snape, even though Snape is a bit -"
"-evil," Ron said quickly.  "Come on, Hermione, why are all these dark wizard hunters searching his office then?"
“Why did Mr. Crouch pretend to be sick?” » Hermione said, ignoring Ron.  "It's a bit funny, isn't it, that he can't make it to the Yule Ball, but he can get up here in the middle of the night whenever he wants?"
"You just don't like Crouch because of that elf, Winky," Ron said, sending a cushion flying towards the window.
"You just want to think of Snape inventing something," Hermione said, sending her cushion to zoom carefully over the box.
"I just want to know what Snape did with his first chance, if it's his second," Harry said darkly, and his cushion, much to his surprise, flew straight across the room and landed neatly on the one of Hermione.

Obeying Sirius' wish to hear about something strange at Hogwarts, Harry sent him a letter by brown owl that evening, telling him all about Mr. Crouch's break-in into Snape's office and the conversation between Moody and Snape.  Then Harry turned his attention seriously to the most pressing problem he faced: how to survive underwater for an hour on February 24th.
Ron really liked the idea of ​​using the summoning spell again - Harry had explained about Aqua-Lungs, and Ron didn't see why Harry shouldn't summon one from the nearest Muggle town.  Hermione quashed this plan, pointing out that in the unlikely event that Harry managed to learn how to operate an Aqua-Lung within the one-hour time limit, he would be sure to be disqualified.lified for breaking the International Code of Wizarding Secrecy - it was too much to hope that no Muggle would spot an Aqua-Lung crossing the countryside towards Hogwarts.
"Of course, the ideal solution would be for you to morph into a submarine or something," Hermione said.  “If only we had already done Human Transfiguration!” But I don't think we start this until sixth grade, and it can go wrong if you don't know what you're doing..."
"Yeah, I don't want to walk around with a periscope sticking out of my head," Harry said.  "I guess I could always attack someone in front of Moody; he could do it for me..."
"I don't think he'd let you choose what you want to become, though," Hermione said seriously.  “No, I think your best chance is some kind of charm.”
So Harry, thinking that he would soon have enough of the library to last him a lifetime, once again buried himself among the dusty volumes, searching for a spell that might allow a human to survive without oxygen. .  However, although he, Ron and Hermione searched their lunches, evenings and entire weekends - although Harry asked Professor McGonagall for a permission note to use the restricted section, and even asked the irritable librarian and like a vulture.  Madam Pince, for help, they couldn't find anything that would allow Harry to spend an hour underwater and live to tell the tale.
Familiar panicked movements were starting to bother Harry now, and he was once again having trouble concentrating in class.  The lake, which Harry had always taken for granted as just another feature of the terrain, caught his eye every time he stood near a classroom window, a large body of cold, iron-gray water. , whose dark and icy depths began to seem as strange as they were effective to him. distant as the moon.
Just like before he faced the Horntail, time passed as if someone had bewitched the clocks to go very fast.  There was one week left until February 24 (there was still time). . . five days left (he had to find something soon)... three days left (please let me find something... please). . .
With two days left.  Harry started to stop eating again.  The only good thing about Monday's breakfast was the return of the brown owl he had sent to Sirius.  He removed the parchment, unrolled it, and saw the shortest letter Sirius had ever written to him.

Send the date of the next Hogsmeade weekend by owl.

Harry turned the parchment over and looked at the back, hoping to see something else, but it was blank.
"Next weekend," murmured Hermione, who had read the note over Harry's shoulder.  “Here, take my pen and send this owl away immediately.”
Harry scribbled the dates on the back of Sirius' letter, attached it to the brown owl's leg, and watched it take flight again.  What did he expect?  Any tips for surviving underwater?  He had been so determined to tell Sirius everything about Snape and Moody that he had completely forgotten to mention the egg clue.
"Why does he want to know about the upcoming Hogsmeade weekend?" Ron said.
"I don't know," Harry said dully.  The momentary happiness that had burst within him at the sight of the owl was dead.  "Come on...Care of Magical Creatures."
That Hagrid was trying to catch up with the Blast-Ended Skrewts, or because there were only two skrewts left, or because he was trying to prove that he could do anything Professor Grubbly-Plank could do.  Harry didn't know it, but Hagrid had continued his lessons on unicorns since he returned to work.  It turned out that Hagrid knew as much about unicorns as he did about monsters, although it was clear that he found their lack of venomous fangs disappointing.
Today he had managed to capture two unicorn foals.  Unlike adult unicorns, they were made of pure gold.  Parvati and Lavender were overjoyed at the sight of them, and even Pansy Parkinson had to work hard to hide how much she loved them.
“It’s easier than adults,” Hagrid told the class.  "They turn silver when they're about two years old, and they grow horns around four years old. They don't turn pure white until they're adults, around seven years old. They're a little more confident when they" These are the babies... don't pay attention to the boys... Come on, move around a little, you can caress them if you want, give them a few pieces of sugar.
"Are you okay. Harry?"  Hagrid muttered, stepping aside slightly, while most of the others crowded around the baby unicorns.
"Yeah," Harry said.  “I’m just nervous, huh?”  Hagrid said.
"A little," Harry said. 
"Harry," Hagrid said, placing a massive hand on his shoulder so that Harry's knees buckled under his weight, "I would have worried before seeing you face the Horntail, but I know that now you can do anything . yeah, make up your mind, I'm not worried at all, everything will be fine for you, you understand, right?
Harry nodded, but even as he did so, there was an insane urge to admit that he had no idea how to survive the stake.the bottom of the lake invades it for an hour.  He looked up at Hagrid – maybe he sometimes had to go into the lake to deal with the creatures there?  He took care of everything else on the ground, after all...
"You're going to win," Hagrid growled, patting Harry's shoulder again, so that Harry felt himself sink a few inches into the soft ground.  "I know it. I can feel it. Yeah, you're going to win, Harry n
Harry just couldn't bring himself to wipe the happy, confident smile off Hagrid's face. Pretending to be interested in the young unicorns, he forced a smile back, and moved forward to pet them with the others.

The day before the second task.  Harry felt like he was trapped in a nightmare.  He was fully aware that even if by some miracle he managed to find a suitable spell, he would have difficulty mastering it overnight.  How could he let this happen?  Why hadn't he worked on the egg clue sooner?  Why had he let his mind wander in class – what if a teacher had once mentioned how to breathe underwater?
He sat with Hermione and Ron in the library as the sun set outside, feverishly tearing out page after page of spells, hidden from each other by the huge stacks of books on the desk in front of each of them.  Harry's heart gave a huge jump every time he saw the word "water" on a page, but more often than not it was simply "Take two liters of water, half a pound of shredded mandrake leaves and a newt..."
“I don’t think it can be done,” Rons said flatly from across the table. "There's nothing. Nothing. The closest was that thing that dried up puddles and ponds, that drought spell, but it wasn't nearly powerful enough to drain the lake."
"There must be something," Hermione muttered, pulling a candle closer to her.  Her eyes were so tired that she was hunched over the tiny printouts of old and forgotten Spells and Charms with her nose about an inch from the page.  “They would never have set a task that was unachievable.”
"They did it," Ron said.  "Harry, just go to the lake tomorrow, okay, stick your head in, yell at the mermaids to give back what they stole, and see if they throw it away. Best you can do, mate."
“There is a way to do it!”  » Hermione said angrily.  “There just has to be some!”
She seemed to regard the library's lack of useful information on the subject as a personal insult; it had never failed him before.
"I know what I should have done," Harry said, resting face down on Saucy Tricks for Tricky Sorts.  "I should have learned to be an animagus like Sirius."
An Animagus was a wizard capable of transforming into an animal.
“Yeah, you could have turned into a goldfish at any time!”  Ron said.
"Or a frog," Harry yawned.  He was exhausted.  "It takes years to become an animagus, and then you have to register and everything," Hermione said vaguely, now squinting her index finger at strange wizarding dilemmas and their solutions.  "Professor McGonagall told us, remember... you need to register with the Office of Improper Use of Magic... what animal you are becoming and your markings, so you can't abuse them.. ."
            "Hermione, I was joking," Harry said wearily.  "I know there's no chance of me turning into a frog by tomorrow morning..."
"Oh, that's no use," Hermione said, abruptly closing Weird Wizarding Dilemmas.  “Who the hell wants to grow their nose hairs in curls?”
"I wouldn't mind," said Fred Weasley's voice. “That would be a talking point, wouldn’t it?”
Harry, Ron and Hermione looked up.  Fred and George had just come out from behind some shelves.
“What are you two doing here?” » asked Ron.
“I’m looking for you,” George said. "McGonagall wants you, Ron. And you, Hermione."
"For what?"  Hermione said, looking surprised.
"I don't know...but she looked a little dark," Fred said.
“We’re supposed to take you to his office,” George said.
Ron and Hermione looked at Harry, who felt his stomach tighten.  Was Professor McGonagall about to scold Ron and Hermione?  Maybe she noticed how much they were helping him, when he should have figured out how to accomplish the task on his own?
"We'll meet you in the common room," Hermione said to Harry as she stood up to accompany Ron – they both looked very anxious.  “Bring as many of these books as you can, okay?
"Good," Harry said worriedly.
Around eight o'clock. Madame Pince had turned off all the lamps and came to fetch Harry from the library.  Staggering under the weight of as many books as he could carry, Harry returned to the Gryffindor common room, pulled a table into the corner and continued searching.  There was nothing in Madcap Magic for Wacky Warlocks. . . nothing in A Guide to Medieval Witchcraft. . . not a single mention of underwater exploits in An Anthology of Eighteenth Century Charms, or in Dreadful Denizens of the Deep, or of powers you didn't know existed and what to do with them now that you've become aware.
Crookshanks crawled into Harry's lap and curled up, purring deeply.  The common roomslowly emptied around Harry.  People kept wishing him good luck for the next morning in happy, confident voices like Hagrid's, all seemingly convinced that he was about to put on another stunning performance like the one he had pulled off in the first task.  Harry couldn't answer it, he just nodded, feeling like there was a golf ball stuck in his throat. Around ten minutes to midnight, he was alone in the room with Crookshanks.  He had searched all the remaining books, and Ron and Hermione had not returned.
It's over, he told himself.  You can not do that.  All you have to do is go down to the lake in the morning and notify the judges....
He imagined himself explaining that he couldn't accomplish this task.  He imagined Bagman's surprised look, the round surprised eyes, Karkaroff's satisfied, yellow-toothed smile.  He could almost hear Fleur Delacour say: "I knew it... he's too young, he's just a little boy."  He saw Malfoy brandishing his POTTER STINKS badge in front of the crowd, and saw Hagrid's dejected and disbelieving face. . . .
Forgetting that Crookshanks was on his lap.  Harry stood up very suddenly; Crookshanks hissed angrily as he landed on the ground, gave Harry a disgusted look and walked away with his bottlebrush tail in the air, but Harry was already hurrying up the spiral staircase to his dormitory. ...He would take the invisibility cloak and return to the library, he would stay there all night if necessary. ...
"Lumos," Harry murmured fifteen minutes later as he opened the library door.
With the tip of his wand lit, he crept along the shelves, pulling out other books - books of spells and charms, books about men and water monsters, books about famous witches and wizards, about magical inventions, about anything that might include a passing reference to underwater survival.  He carried them to a table, then set to work, searching them with the narrow beam of his wand, occasionally checking his watch. . . .
One o'clock in the morning. . . two o'clock in the morning. . . the only way he could continue was to tell himself over and over again what the next book would be. . . in the next one. . . the next. . .

The mermaid in the painting in the prefects' toilets was laughing.  Harry bobbed like a cork in the sparkling water next to her rock, while she held her Firebolt above her head.
"Come and get it!" she laughed mischievously. “Come on, jump!”
"I can't," Harry panted, grabbing the Firebolt and struggling not to sink.  "Give it to me!"
But she just gave him a painful blow in the side with the end of her broom, mocking him.
“It hurts – let go – ouch –”
"Harry Potter needs to wake up, sir!"
“Stop poking me –”
"Dobby needs to push Harry Potter, sir, he needs to wake up!"
Harry opened his eyes.  He was still in the library; the invisibility cloak had slipped from his head while he slept, and the side of his face was glued to the pages of Where There's a Wand, There's a Way.  He sat up, straightening his glasses, blinking in the daylight.
"Harry Potter must hurry!"  Dobby squealed.  “The second task starts in ten minutes, and Harry Potter…”
"Ten minutes?" Harry croaked. “Ten – ten minutes? »
He looked down at his watch.  Dobby was right.  It was twenty past nine.  A large dead weight seemed to drop from Harry's chest and into his stomach.
"Hurry up, Harry Potter!" Dobby squealed, pulling Harry's sleeve.  “You’re supposed to be at the lake with the other champions, sir!”
"It's too late, Dobby," Harry said desperately.  "I'm not doing the task, I don't know how-"
“Harry Potter will do the job!”  squeaked the elf.  "Dobby knew Harry hadn't found the right book, so Dobby made it for him!"
"What?"  Harry said. "But you don't know what the second task is -"
"Dobby knows, sir! Harry Potter must go into the lake and find his Wheezy -"
“Find my what?”
“- and take his Wheezy back to the sirens!”
“What is a Wheezy?”
“Your Wheezy, sir, your Wheezy-Wheezy giving Dobby his sweater!”
Dobby pulled at the shrunken brown sweater he now wore over his shorts.
"What?" Harry gasped. "They...they have Ron?"
"The thing Harry Potter will miss most, sir!" Dobby squealed.  "'But after an hour-'"
"-'the outlook is dark'," Harry recited, staring at the elf in horror. "'Too late, it's gone, it won't come back.'  Dobby, what should I do?
“You have to eat this, sir!” the elf squeaked, and he reached into the pocket of his shorts and pulled out a ball of what looked like slimy, grayish-green rat tails.  “Just before we go into the lake, sir – wallflower!”
"What does it do ?" Harry said looking at the wallflower.
"This will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir!"
"Dobby," Harry said frantically, "look, are you sure about this?"
He couldn't really forget that the last time Dobby had tried to 'help' him, he had ended up with no bones in his right arm.
“Dobby is quite sure of that, sir!”  » said the elf seriously.  "Dobby hears things sir, he's a house elf, he roams the whole castle while he lights the fires and cleans the floors. Dobby hearsd Professor McGonagall and Professor Moody in the staff room, discussing the next task. . . . Dobby can't let Harry Potter lose his Wheezy! »
Harry's doubts disappeared.  Jumping to his feet, he took off the invisibility cloak, stuffed it into his bag, grabbed the wallflower and put it in his pocket, then walked out of the library with Dobby hot on his heels.
“Dobby is supposed to be in the kitchens, sir!”  Dobby squealed as they burst into the hallway.  "We will miss Dobby – good luck, Harry Potter, sir, good luck!"
“See you later, Dobby!”  Harry shouted, and he sprinted down the corridor and down the stairs, three at a time.
The entrance hall contained a few last minute stragglers, all leaving the Great Hall after breakfast and heading towards the double oak doors to attend to the second task.  They watched as Harry walked past them, sending Colin and Dennis Creevey flying as he descended the stone steps and out onto the bright, cold field.
As he scanned the lawn, he saw that the seats that had surrounded the dragon enclosure in November were now lined up along the opposite bank, rising in packed stands and reflected in the lake below.  The excited chatter of the crowd echoed eerily through the water as Harry ran at full speed across the lake towards the judges, who were seated at another gold-draped table at the water's edge.  Cedric, Fleur and Krum were next to the judges' table, watching Harry sprint towards them.
"I'm... here..." Harry gasped, skidding to a stop in the mud and accidentally splashing Fleurs' robes.
"Where were you?" said a commanding, disapproving voice.  “The task is about to begin!”
Harry looked around. Percy Weasley was sitting at the judges' table – Mr. Crouch had not returned.
"Now, now, Percy!"  said Ludo Bagman, who looked intensely relieved to see Harry.  “Let him catch his breath!”
Dumbledore smiled at Harry, but Karkaroff and Madame Maxime didn't look at all happy to see him. ...It was obvious from their expressions that they thought he wouldn't come.
Harry bent over with his hands on his knees, panting; he had a stitch in his side that felt like a knife between his ribs, but he didn't have time to get rid of it; Ludo Bagman now moved among the champions, spacing them along the bank at intervals of ten feet.  Harry was at the end of the line, next to Krum, who was wearing a swimsuit and holding his wand at the ready.
" Alright. Harry?  Bagman whispered, pulling Harry a few feet away from Krum.  “Do you know what you’re going to do?”
"Yeah," Harry panted, massaging his ribs.
Bagman quickly squeezed Harry's shoulder and returned to the judges' table. He pointed his wand at his throat like he did during the World Cup and said, "Sonorus!" » and his voice boomed through the dark water towards the stands.
"Well, all our champions are ready for the second task, which will begin when I blow the whistle. They have precisely one hour to recover what was taken from them. On the count of three then. One... two... three!"
The whistle sounded shrill in the cold, still air; the stands erupted with cheers and applause; without looking at what the other champions were doing, Harry took off his shoes and socks, took the handful of wallflower from his pocket, stuffed it in his mouth and waded into the lake.
It was so cold that he felt the skin on his legs burning as if it were fire and not icy water. His sodden robes weighed him down as he sank deeper; now the water was up to his knees, and his quickly numb feet were slipping on the silt and the flat, viscous stones.  He chewed the wallflower as hard and as fast as he could; it was unpleasantly slimy and rubbery, like octopus tentacles.  Submerged waist-deep in icy water, he stopped, swallowed, and waited for something to happen.
He could hear laughter in the crowd and knew he must look stupid, walking into the lake without showing any signs of magical power.  The part of him that was still dry was covered in goosebumps; Half submerged in the icy water, a cruel breeze lifting his hair, Harry began to shiver violently.  He avoided looking at the stands; the laughter was getting louder and louder, and there was shouting and jeering from the Slytherins. ...
Then, suddenly, Harry felt like an invisible pillow had been pressed over his mouth and nose. He tried to catch his breath, but it made his head spin; his lungs were empty and he suddenly felt a piercing pain on either side of his neck -
Harry cupped his hands around his throat and felt two large slits just below his ears, flapping in the cold air. . . . He had gills.  Without thinking, he did the only thing that made sense: he threw himself into the water.
The first sip of icy lake water was like a breath of life.  His head had stopped spinning; he took another big gulp of water and felt it pass gently through his gills, sending oxygen back to his brain.  He stretched his hands out in front of him and looked at them.  They looked green and ghostly underwater, and they were webbed.  He turned around and looked at his bare feet: they had become elongated and the toes were also webbed:
It looked like he had sprouted fins.
The water was no longer ice cold either... on the contrary, it felt pleasantly cool and very light. . . . Harry struck once more, marveling at how far and quickly his fin-like feet propelled him through the water, and noticing how clearly he could see and how he no longer seemed to need to blink.  He had soon swum so far into the lake that he could no longer see the bottom. He turned around and dove into her depths.
Silence hung heavy on his ears as he flew over a strange, dark, foggy landscape.  He could only see ten feet around him, so that as he sped through the water, new scenes seemed to emerge suddenly from the incoming darkness: forests of undulating, tangled black grass, vast plains of mud littered with dull and sparkling stones.  He swam deeper and deeper, toward the middle of the lake, eyes wide, looking through the strangely lit water around him to the shadows beyond, where the water grew opaque.
Small fish flew past him like silver darts.  Once or twice he thought he saw something larger moving in front of him, but when he got closer he discovered that it was nothing more than a large blackened log or a dense clump of grass. .  There was no sign of any of the other champions, the mermaids, Ron – or, thankfully, the giant squid.
Light green grass stretched before him as far as the eye could see, two feet deep, like a meadow of heavily overgrown grasses.  Harry stared ahead, trying to make out shapes in the darkness. . . and then, without warning, something grabbed his ankle.
Harry turned around and saw a grindylow, a small horned water demon, emerging from the grass, its long fingers clenched tightly around Harry's leg, its sharp fangs bared - Harry quickly thrust his webbed hand into his robes and felt for it. his. Magic wand.  By the time he had grabbed it, two more grindylows had emerged from the grass, grabbed handfuls of Harry's robes, and were trying to drag him down.
“Relachio!”  Harry shouted, except no sound came out. ...A large bubble came out of his mouth, and his wand, instead of sending sparks at the grindylows, shot them with what seemed to be a jet of boiling water, for where it hit them, red spots anger appeared on their green skin. .  Harry pulled his ankle out of the grindylow's grip and swam as fast as he could, occasionally sending more jets of hot water over his shoulder at random; every now and then he felt one of the grindylows tear his foot off again, and he gave a violent kick; Finally, he felt his foot touch a horned skull, and looking back, he saw the dazed grindylow floating in the distance, squinty-eyed, while his comrades clenched their fists at Harry and sank into the grass.
Harry slowed down a bit, put his wand back in his robes and looked around, listening again.  He did a full turn in the water, the silence pressing harder than ever on his eardrums.  He knew he must be even deeper in the lake now, but nothing was moving except the waving grass.
"How is your health?"
Harry thought he was having a heart attack.  He turned around and saw Moaning Myrtle floating vaguely in front of him, looking at him through her thick, pearly glasses.
"Myrtle!" Harry tried to scream – but again, nothing came out of his mouth except a very large bubble.  Moaning Myrtle actually laughed.
“You want to try there!” she said, pointing.  "I won't come with you. ...I don't like them very much, they always chase me when I get too close. ..."
Harry gave him a thumbs up to show his thanks and set off again, taking care to swim a little higher above the grass to avoid any other grindylows that might be hiding there.
He swam for at least twenty minutes.  He was now crossing vast expanses of black mud, which swirled murkily as he stirred up the water.  Then, finally, he heard a haunting piece of mersong.

"One hour you will have to watch, 
And to get back what we took..."

Harry swam faster and soon saw a large rock emerge from the muddy water in front of him.  It had paintings of mermaids on it; they carried spears and chased what looked like the giant squid.  Harry swam past the rock, following the song.

"...your time is half up, so don't delay 
Lest what you seek be left here to rot. ..."

A group of rough stone dwellings, stained with algae, suddenly loomed out of the darkness on all sides.  Here and there, in the dark windows, Harry saw faces. . . faces that looked nothing like the painting of the mermaid in the prefects' bathroom. . . .
Mermaids had grayish skin and long, dark green wild hair.  Their eyes were yellow, as were their broken teeth, and they carried thick ropes of pebbles.them around their necks. They watched Harry as he swam; one or two of them came out of their caves to get a better look, their powerful silver fishtails beating the water, their spears clutched in their hands.
Harry continued on his way, looking around him, and soon the houses became more numerous; there were weed gardens around some of them, and he even saw a grindylow tied to a stake in front of a door.  Mermaids were emerging from all sides now, watching him eagerly, pointing at his webbed hands and gills, talking to each other behind their hands.  Harry ran around a corner and a very strange vision appeared before his eyes.
A whole crowd of mermaids floated past the houses that lined what looked like a seaside version of a village square.  A chorus of sirens sang in the midst, calling the champions to them, and behind them stood a sort of crude statue; a gigantic newt carved from a rock.  Four people were closely tied to the tail of the stone merman.
Ron was tied between Hermione and Cho Chang.  There was also a girl who looked no older than eight, whose clouds of silver hair made Harry certain that she was Fleur Delacour's sister.  All four seemed to be sleeping very soundly.  Their heads drooped on their shoulders and thin streams of bubbles came out of their mouths.
Harry rushed towards the hostages, half expecting the Sirens to lower their spears and charge at him, but they did nothing.  The grass ropes that tied the hostages to the statue were thick, slimy, and very strong.  For a fleeting second he thought of the knife Sirius had bought him for Christmas – locked in his trunk in the castle a quarter mile away, of no use to him.
He looked around.  Most of the mermaids around them carried spears.  He swam quickly toward a seven-foot-tall merman with a long green beard and a necklace of shark fangs and tried to mime a request to borrow the spear.  The merman laughed and shook his head.
“We’re not helping anything,” he said in a hoarse, hoarse voice.
"Come on!"  Harry said violently (but only bubbles were coming out of his mouth), and he tried to push the spear away from the man, but the man pulled it back, still shaking his head and laughing.
Harry turned around, looking around. Something sharp. . . Nothing . . .
Rocks littered the bottom of the lake.  He dove in, grabbed a particularly jagged one, and returned to the statue.  He began to cut the ropes that bound Ron, and after several minutes of hard work, they broke.  Ron was floating, unconscious, a few inches above the bottom of the lake, drifting a little in the ebbing water.
Harry looked around. There was no sign of any of the other champions. What were they playing?  Why didn't they hurry?  He turned to Hermione, lifted the jagged rock and began to carve its attachments as well -
Immediately, several pairs of strong gray hands grabbed him. Half a dozen men were pulling her away from Hermione, shaking their green-haired heads and laughing.
“You’re taking your own hostage,” one of them told him.  "Let others..."
"Certainly not!" Harry said furiously – but only two large bubbles came out.
Your task is to get your own friend back. . . let the others..." She's my friend too!" Harry shouted, pointing at Hermione, a huge silver bubble emerging noiselessly from his lips.  “And I don’t want them to die either!”
Cho's head was on Hermione's shoulder; The little silver-haired girl was a ghostly, pale green.  Harry struggled to push the mermen away, but they laughed harder than ever, holding him back. Harry looked around angrily.  Where were the other champions?  Would he have time to take Ron to the surface and come back down for Hermione and the others?  Would he be able to find them?  He looked at his watch to see how much time he had left: it was no longer working.
But then the sirens around him pointed excitedly above his head. Harry looked up and saw Cedric swimming towards them.  There was a huge bubble around his head, which made his features look oddly broad and stretched.
"Got lost!" » he said, looking panicked.  “Fleur and Krum are coming now!”
Feeling extremely relieved, Harry watched as Cedric pulled a knife from his pocket and freed Cho. He pulled her up and out of sight.
Harry looked around, waiting.  Where were Fleur and Krum?  Time was running out and, according to the song, the hostages would be lost after an hour. . . .
The sirens began to scream animatedly.  Those holding Harry released their grip, looking behind them. Harry turned and saw something monstrous crossing the water towards them: a human body in a swimsuit with a shark's head. ...It was Krum.  He seemed to have transfigured himself, but badly.
The shark-man swam straight up to Hermione and began snapping and biting at her ropes; The problem was that Krum's new teeth were very poorly positioned for biting anything smaller than a dolphin, and Harry was quite uncomfortable.I'm sure if Krum wasn't careful he was going to tear Hermione in two.  Rush forward. Harry punched Krum hard on the shoulder and held up the jagged stone.  Krum grabbed it and began to free Hermione.  In seconds he had done it; He grabbed Hermione by the waist and, without a backward glance, began to quickly climb with her towards the surface.
Now what? Harry thought desperately.  If he could be sure Fleur would come. . . . But still no sign.  There was nothing to do except. . .
He picked up the stone that Krum had dropped, but the men now moved closer to Ron and the little girl, shaking their heads. Harry took out his wand.
"Get out of here!"
Only bubbles came out of his mouth, but he had the distinct impression that the mermen had understood him, because they suddenly stopped laughing.  Their yellowish eyes were fixed on Harry's wand and they looked scared.  There may have been a lot more of them than him, but Harry could tell by the looks on their faces that they didn't know any more magic than the giant squid.
“You have until three o’clock!”  » Harry shouted; a large stream of bubbles erupted from him, but he held up three fingers to make sure they got the message.  "A . . ." (he placed a finger) "two..." (he placed a second) -
They dispersed. Harry rushed forward and began cutting the ropes that bound the little girl to the statue, and she was finally free.  He grabbed the little girl by the waist, grabbed the collar of Ron's dress and started from the bottom.
It was very slow work.  He could no longer use his webbed hands to propel himself forward; he pumped his fins furiously, but Ron and Fleur's sister were like sacks full of potatoes pulling him down. ... He fixed his eyes on the sky, even though he knew it must still be very deep, the water above him was so dark. . .
The sirens rose with him.  He could see them swirling around him with ease, watching him struggle in the water. ... Would they bring him back to the depths once the time was up?  Maybe they ate humans?  Harry's legs were seizing up from the effort of continuing to swim; his shoulders ached horribly from the effort of dragging Ron and the girl...
He was breathing with extreme difficulty.  He could feel pain on the sides of his neck again...he was becoming very aware of the wetness of the water in his mouth...yet the darkness was definitely clearing now...he could see daylight above him... ..
He kicked his fins violently and discovered that they were nothing more than feet... water was flowing from his mouth into his lungs... he was starting to feel dizzy, but he knew that light and air were only ten feet above him. .. he had to get there... he had to...
Harry kicked his legs so hard and fast that it felt like his muscles were screaming in protest; his brain itself was waterlogged, he couldn't breathe, he needed oxygen, he had to keep going, he couldn't stop -
And then he felt his head break the surface of the lake; a wonderful air, cold and clear, made his wet face tingle; He swallowed it, feeling like he'd never breathed properly before, and, panting, dragged Ron and the little girl with him.  All around him, wild green-haired heads emerged from the water with him, but they smiled at him.
The crowd in the stands made a lot of noise; shouting and shouting, they all seemed to be on their feet; Harry had a feeling they thought Ron and the little girl might be dead, but they were wrong. . . both had opened their eyes; The girl looked scared and confused, but Ron simply expelled a large stream of water, blinked under the bright light, turned to Harry and said, "Wet, isn't it?"  Then he spotted Fleur's sister.  “Why did you bring her?”
"Fleur didn't come, I couldn't leave her," Harry panted.
"Harry, you idiot," said Ron, "you didn't take that song seriously, did you? Dumbledore wouldn't have let any of us drown!"
"The song said -"
“It was just to make sure you met the time limit!”  Ron said. "I hope you didn't waste any time there playing the hero!"
Harry felt both stupid and bored.  Everything was going very well for Ron; he had been sleeping, he hadn't felt how eerie it was in the lake, surrounded by mermaid men carrying spears who looked more than capable of killing.
"Come on," Harry said briefly, "help me with her, I don't think she can swim very well."
They pulled Fleur's sister across the water, towards the shore where the judges watched, twenty mermaids accompanying them like a guard of honor, singing their horrible screaming songs.
Harry could see Madam Pomfrey worrying about Hermione, Krum, Cedric and Cho, who were all wrapped in thick blankets.
Dumbledore and Ludo Bagman watched Harry and Ron beaming from the shore as they swam closer, but Percy, who looked very white and somehow much younger than usual, came over. to meet them.  Meanwhile MadaMe, Maxime was trying to hold back Fleur Delacour, who was quite hysterical and was fighting tooth and nail to get back into the water.
"Gabrielle! Gabrielle! Is she alive? Is she sick?"
"She is fine!" Harry tried to tell him, but he was so exhausted he could barely speak, let alone scream.
Percy grabbed Ron and dragged him to the bank ("Gerroff, Percy, I'm fine!"); Dumbledore and Bagman relieved Harry; Fleur had freed herself from Madame Maxime and was hugging her sister.
"It was the grindylows...they attacked me...oh Gabrielle, I thought...I thought...."
"Come here, you," Madam Pomfrey said.  She grabbed Harry and pulled him towards Hermione and the others, wrapped him so tightly in a blanket that he felt like he was in a straitjacket, and forced a measure of very hot potion down his throat.  Steam bursts from his ears.
“Harry, well done!” Hermione cried.  “You did it, you figured out how on your own!”
"Well -" Harry said. He would have told him about Dobby, but he had just noticed that Karkaroff was watching him.  He was the only judge who did not leave the table; the only judge not showing signs of pleasure and relief that Harry, Ron and Fleur's sister had returned home safely. "Yeah, that's right," Harry said, raising his voice slightly so Karkaroff could hear him.
“You have a water beetle in your hair, Herm-clean-ninny,” Krum said. Harry felt like Krum was drawing his attention to him; perhaps to remind him that he had just saved her from the lake, but Hermione impatiently pushed the beetle away and said, "But you're way over time, Harry... Did you have to time to find us?
"No... I found you good..."
Harry's sense of stupidity grew. Now that he was out of the water, it seemed perfectly clear that Dumbledore's safety precautions would not have allowed a hostage to die simply because their champion had not appeared.  Why hadn't he just grabbed Ron and left?  He would have been the first to return… Cedric and Krum hadn't wasted time worrying about someone else; they hadn't taken the mersong seriously. ...
Dumbledore was crouched at the edge of the water, engaged in conversation with what appeared to be the chief merman, a particularly wild and ferocious female.  It made the same kind of shrill noises that sirens make when above water; Obviously Dumbledore could speak Mermish.  Finally, he straightened up, turned to his fellow judges and said, “A lecture before giving the grades, I think.”
The judges gathered.  Madam Pomfrey had gone to save Ron from Percy's clutches; she led him to Harry and the others, gave him a blanket and some Pepperup potion, then went to get Fleur and her sister.  Fleur had numerous cuts on her face and arms and her robes were torn, but she didn't seem to care nor would she allow Madam Pomfrey to clean them up.
"Take care of Gabrielle," she told him, then turned to Harry.  “You saved him,” she said breathlessly.  “Even if she wasn’t your hostage.”
"Yeah," said Harry, now wishing wholeheartedly that he had left the three girls tied to the statue.
Fleur leaned down, kissed Harry twice on each cheek (he felt his face burn and wouldn't have been surprised if steam came out of his ears again), then said to Ron, "And you helped too - "
"Yeah," Ron said, looking extremely hopeful, "yeah, a little -"
Fleur threw herself at him too and kissed him. Hermione looked simply furious, but at that moment, Ludo Bagman's magically amplified voice sounded next to them, startling them all and making the crowd in the stands very quiet.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we have made our decision. Merchieftainess Murcus has told us exactly what happened at the bottom of the lake, and so we have decided to award scores out of fifty to each of the champions, as follows. .
"Fleur Delacour, although she demonstrated excellent use of the Bubble Head Charm, was attacked by grindylows as she approached her objective, and failed to recover her hostage. We grant her twenty- five points."
Applause in the stands.
“I deserved zero,” Fleur said in a guttural voice, shaking her beautiful head.
"Cedric Diggory, who also used the bubble head spell, was the first to return with his hostage, although he returned a minute outside of the one-hour time limit."  Huge cheers from the Hufflepuffs in the crowd; Harry saw Cho give Cedric a bright look.  “So we give it forty-seven points.”
Harry's heart sank. If Cedric had missed the deadline, he most certainly had.
"Viktor Krum used an incomplete but effective form of Transfiguration and was the second to return with his hostage. We give him forty points."
Karkaroff clapped particularly loudly, seeming very superior.
“Harry Potter used wallflowers to great effect,” Bagman continued.  “He came back last, and well outside the one-hour time limit. However, Merchieftainess informs us that Mr. Potter was the first to reach the hostag.es, and that the delay in his return was due to his determination to return all the hostages to safety, not just his own.
Ron and Hermione both gave Harry half-exasperated, half-commissive looks.
"Most of the judges," and here Bagman gave Karkaroff a very nasty look, "feel that this demonstrates moral fiber and deserves full marks. However... Mr. Potter's score is forty-five points. "
Harry's stomach lurched – he was now tied for first place with Cedric.  Ron and Hermione looked surprised at Harry, then laughed and started clapping loudly with the rest of the crowd.
" And There you go. Harry! Ron shouted over the noise.  “You weren’t fat after all – you showed moral fiber! »
Fleur was clapping loudly too, but Krum didn't look happy at all.  He tried to engage Hermione in conversation again, but she was too busy encouraging Harry to listen.
“The third and final task will take place at dusk on June 24,” Bagman continued. "The champions will be informed of what is happening precisely one month in advance. Thank you all for your support of the champions."
It was finished.  Harry thought dazedly as Madam Pomfrey began to lead the champions and hostages back to the castle to change into dry clothes... it was over, he was done... he didn't have to worry about anything now until the twenty June. -fourth. . ..
The next time he was in Hogsmeade, Harry decided, as he walked up the stone steps to the castle, to buy Dobby a pair of socks for every day of the year.



CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN - RETURN OF THE FOOTPADS

One of the best things about the second task was that everyone was very keen to hear the details of what happened in the lake, which meant Ron got to share Harry's spotlight for a times.  Harry noticed that Ron's version of events changed subtly with each telling.  At first he gave what seemed to be the truth; either way, it fit with Hermione's story - Dumbledore had put all the hostages into a bewitched sleep in Professor McGonagall's office, first assuring them that they would be safe and that they would wake up when they would be back above water.  A week later, however, Ron told a thrilling kidnapping story in which he fought alone against fifty heavily armed men who had to beat him into submission before tying him up.
"But I had my wand hidden up my sleeve," he assured Padma Patil, who seemed to be much more attached to Ron now that he was attracting so much attention and making a point of speaking to him every time. as they passed in the corridors. .  “I could have taken those idiots away at any time.”
“What were you going to do, snore on it?”  Hermione said playfully.  People made fun of her so much for being the thing Viktor Krum would miss the most that she was in a rather irritable mood.
Ron's ears turned red, and eventually, he reverted to the sleeping, bewitched version of events.
As March entered, the weather became drier, but cruel winds scratched their hands and faces every time they went out into the field.  There were delays in the post because the owls kept veering off course.  The brown owl that Harry had sent to Sirius with the Hogsmeade weekend dates had arrived at breakfast Friday morning with half of its feathers standing up the wrong way; Harry had no sooner extracted the answer from Sirius than she took off, clearly afraid of being sent outside.
Sirius' letter was almost as short as the last one.

Be at the end of the road out of Hogsmeade (past Dervish and 
Banges) at 2 p.m. Saturday afternoon. Bring as much 
food as much as you can.

"He didn't come back to Hogsmeade?" Ron said incredulously.  
“It looks like it, doesn’t it?” Hermione said.  
"I can't believe it," Harry said tensely, "if he gets caught..." 
“But he’s succeeded so far, hasn’t he?” Ron said. "And it's not like the place is crawling with dementors anymore."
Harry folded the letter, thinking. If he was honest with himself, he really wanted to see Sirius again. So he approached the last lesson of the afternoon – double potions – feeling considerably more cheerful than he usually did as he descended the steps leading to the dungeons.
Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle stood grouped outside the classroom door with Pansy Parkinson's gang of Slytherin girls.  They were all looking at something Harry couldn't see and giggling heartily.  Pansys' pug-like face peered excitedly around Goyle's broad back as Harry, Ron, and Hermione approached.
“They’re here, they’re here!”  » she laughed, and the group of Slytherins broke up. Harry saw that Pansy had a magazine in her hands – Witch Weekly.  The animated image on the front showed a curly-haired witch grinning toothily and pointing at a large sponge cake with her wand.
"You might find something that interests you there, Granger!" Pansy said loudly, and threw the magazine at Hermione, who caught it, looking surprised.  At this time, the dungeonThe door opened and Snape gestured for them all to enter.
Hermione, Harry and Ron headed to a table at the back of the dungeon, as usual. Once Snape had turned his back on them to write the ingredients for today's potion on the blackboard, Hermione hastily dug through the magazine under the desk.  Finally, in the centerfolds, Hermione found what they were looking for.  Harry and Ron moved closer.  A color photograph of Harry at the top of a short article titled:

Harry Potter's Secret Sorrow

A boy like no other, perhaps – and yet a boy suffering from all the usual pangs of adolescence, writes Rita Skeeter.  Deprived of love since the tragic disappearance
from his parents, fourteen-year-old Harry Potter thought he had found comfort in his loyal Hogwarts girlfriend, the muggle-born Hermione Granger.  Little did he know that he would soon suffer another emotional blow in a life already littered with personal loss.
Miss Granger, a simple but ambitious young girl, seems to have a taste for famous wizards that Harry alone cannot satisfy.  Since the arrival at Hogwarts of Viktor Krum, Bulgarian seeker and hero of the last Quidditch World Cup, Miss Granger has played with the affection of the two boys.  Krum, who is openly in love with devious Miss Granger, once invited her to visit him in Bulgaria during the summer holidays, and insists he has "never felt that way about any other girl" .
However, it may not have been Miss Granger's questionable natural charms that caught the interest of these unfortunate boys.
"She's really ugly," says Pansy Parkinson, a pretty and vivacious fourth-year student, "but she'd be willing to make a love potion, she's quite intelligent. I think that's how she do."
Love potions are of course banned at Hogwarts, and Albus Dumbledore will no doubt want to investigate these claims.  In the meantime, Harry Potter supporters must hope that next time he will lay his heart on a more worthy candidate.

"I told you!"  Ron hissed at Hermione as she looked at the article.  "I told you not to bother Rita Skeeter! She's made you into some kind of... scarlet woman!"
Hermione stopped looking surprised and snorted with laughter. “Scarlet Woman?” she repeated, shaking with suppressed laughter as she looked at Ron.
"That's what my mother calls them," Ron muttered, his ears turning red.
"If this is the best Rita can do, she's losing her touch," Hermione said, still laughing, as she tossed Witch Weekly onto the empty chair next to her.  “What a pile of old rubbish.”
She glanced at the Slytherins, who were all watching her and Harry closely from across the room to see if they had been upset by the article.  Hermione gave them a sarcastic smile and waved, and she, Harry, and Ron began unpacking the ingredients they would need for their mind sharpening potion.
"But there's something funny," Hermione said ten minutes later, holding her pestle suspended over a bowl of beetles.  "How could Rita Skeeter have known...?"
" You know what ? » Ron said quickly. "You didn't mix Love Potions, did you?"
"Don't be stupid," Hermione retorted, starting to crush her beetles again. "No, it's just… how did she know that Viktor asked me to visit him this summer?"
Hermione blushed as she said this and resolutely avoided Ron's gaze.
"What?" Ron said, dropping his pestle with a thud.
“He asked me right after he pulled me out of the lake.”
» Hermione muttered.  "After he got rid of his shark head. Madam Pomfrey gave us the two blankets and then he kind of pulled me away from the judges so they wouldn't hear, and he said, if I didn't do anything during the summer, would I like -"
“And what did you say?”  said Ron, who had picked up his pestle and was grinding it on the desk, a good six centimeters from his bowl, because he was looking at Hermione.
"And he said he'd never felt the same way about anyone else," Hermione continued, turning so red now that Harry could almost feel the heat coming from her, "but how did Rita Skeeter could she have heard it? She was" wasn't she there...or was she? Maybe she had an invisibility cloak; maybe she snuck into the field to watch the second task..."
“And what did you say?” Ron repeated, hitting the pestle so hard that it cracked the desk.
"Well, I was too busy seeing if you and Harry were okay to-"
“Although your social life is undoubtedly fascinating. Miss Granger,” said an icy voice from just behind them, and all three jumped, “I must ask you not to discuss this in my class. Ten points less for Gryffindor.
Snape had slipped into their office while they were talking. The whole class was looking at them now; Malfoy took the opportunity to show POTTER STINK across the dungeon towards Harry.
“Ah… do you read magazines under the table too?” Snape added, grabbing the copy of Witch Weekly.  "Another ten points from Gryffindor… oh but of course…" Snape's dark eyes glittered as they fell on Rita Skeeter's article.  "Potter mustfollow his press clippings. . . ".
The dungeon echoed with the laughter of the Slytherins, and an unpleasant smile appeared on Snape's thin mouth.  Much to Harry's anger, he began reading the article out loud.
"'The secret sorrow of Harry Potter... darling, darling. Potter, what is tormenting you now? 'A boy like no other, perhaps. . .'"
Harry could feel his face burning.  Snape paused at the end of each sentence to allow the Slytherins to laugh heartily.  The article seemed ten times worse when Snape read it. Even Hermione was blushing now.
"'...Supporters of Harry Potter must hope that next time he will give his heart to a more worthy candidate.'  How very touching,” Snape sneered, rolling up the magazine to the continued bursts of laughter from the Slytherins, “Well, I think I'd better separate you three, so you can keep your minds on your potions. rather than your tangled love lives. Weasley, you stay here. Miss Granger, over there, next to Miss Parkinson. Potter - it sits in front of my desk. Move now.
Furious, Harry threw his ingredients and bag into his cauldron and dragged it to the front of the dungeon to the empty table.  Snape followed him, sat at his desk and watched Harry unload his cauldron.  Determined not to look at Snape, Harry resumed crushing his beetles, imagining that each one had Snape's face.
"All this press attention seems to have swollen your already oversized head. Potter," Snape said softly, once the rest of the class had calmed down again.
Harry didn't answer. He knew Snape was trying to provoke him; he had done this before.  No doubt he was hoping to find an excuse to take fifty points from Gryffindor before the end of the class.
"You may be operating under the illusion that the entire wizarding world is in awe of you," Snape continued, so quietly that no one else could hear him (Harry continued to hammer at his beetles, even though he had already reduced to a very fine powder form), "but I don't care how many times your picture appears in the newspapers. To me. Potter, you are nothing but a naughty little boy. boy who considers rules beneath him."
Harry poured the beetle powder into his cauldron and began cutting up its ginger roots.  His hands were shaking slightly with anger, but he kept his eyes downcast, as if he couldn't hear what Snape was saying to him.
"So I'm warning you, Potter," Snape continued in a calmer, more dangerous voice, "little celebrity or not - if I catch you breaking into my office again -"
“I haven’t been near your office!”  Harry said angrily, forgetting his feigned deafness.
"Don't lie to me," Snape hissed, his fathomless black eyes boring into Harry's. "Boomslanghide. Gillyweed. Both are from my private stores, and I know who stole them."
Harry looked at Snape, determined not to blink or look guilty.  In truth, he hadn't stolen any of those things from Snape.  Hermione had taken over the boomslang skin during their second year – they had needed it for the Polyjuice Potion – and although Snape had suspected Harry at the time, he had never been able to prove it. Dobby, of course, had stolen the wallflower.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Harry lied coldly.
“You were out of bed the night my office was broken into!”  » Snape hissed.  "I know that. Potter! Now, Mad-Eye Moody may have joined your fan club, but I will not tolerate your behavior! One more late night stroll through my office, Potter, and you will pay!"
"Good," Harry said coldly, turning to his ginger roots.  "I'll keep that in mind if I ever feel like going."
Snape's eyes flashed. He reached inside his black robe. For a wild moment. Harry thought Snape was about to pull out his wand and curse him – then he saw that Snape had pulled out a small crystal bottle of a completely transparent potion.  Harry looked at him.
"Do you know what it is. Potter?" Snape said, his eyes glinting dangerously again.
"No," Harry said, with complete honesty this time.
"It's Veritaserum - a potion of truth so powerful that three drops would allow you to reveal your deepest secrets to the entire class," Snape said viciously.  "Now, the use of this potion is controlled by very strict Ministry guidelines. But if you're not careful where you step, you may find that my hand slips" - he shook the crystal bottle lightly - "right on top of your evening pumpkin juice. And then. Potter. then we'll find out if you were in my office or not.
Harry didn't say anything.  He turned back to his ginger roots, took his knife and began slicing them again.  He didn't like the sound of this truth potion at all, and he wasn't going to stop Snape from slipping him some.  He suppressed a shudder at the thought of what might come out of his mouth if Snape did…aside from getting a lot of people in trouble – Hermione and Dobby for starters – there were all the other things he was. vsonce hidden. . . like the fact that he was in contact with Sirius. . . and – his insides twisted at the thought – how he felt about Cho. ...He also poured his ginger roots into the cauldron and wondered if he should take a leaf out of Moody's book and start drinking only from a private flask.
There was a knock on the dungeon door.
"Come in," Snape said in his usual voice.
The class looked around as the door opened. Professor Karkaroff entered. Everyone looked at him as he walked towards Snape's office.  He curled his finger around his goatee and looked agitated.
"We need to talk," Karkaroff said abruptly when he reached Snape.  He seemed so determined that no one would hear what he said that he barely opened his lips; it was like he was a pretty poor ventriloquist.  Harry kept his eyes glued to his ginger roots, listening intently.
"I'll talk to you after my lesson, Karkaroff," Snape muttered, but Karkaroff interrupted him.
"I want to talk now, while you can't slip away, Severus." You avoided me.
"After the lesson," Snape retorted.
Under the pretense of holding up a measuring cup to see if he had poured in enough armadillo bile, Harry glanced sideways at the two of them. Karkaroff looked extremely worried and Snape looked angry.
Karkaroff remained behind Snape's desk for the remainder of the double period.  He seemed determined to keep Snape from slipping away at the end of class.  Eager to hear what Karkaroff meant, Harry deliberately knocked over his bottle of armadillo bile two minutes before the bell rang, giving him an excuse to hide behind his cauldron and mop up while the rest of the class noisily marched on to the door.
“What’s so urgent?” he heard Snape whistle at Karkaroff.
"That," Karkaroff said, and Harry, looking over the edge of his cauldron, saw Karkaroff pull up the left sleeve of his robes and show Snape something on his inner forearm.
"GOOD?" Karkaroff said, still trying not to move his lips.  " You see ? It has never been so clear, never since…”
"Tidy!" Snape growled, his dark eyes scanning the classroom.
“But you must have noticed…” Karkaroff began in an agitated voice.
“We can talk later, Karkaroff!”  Snape spat.  "Potter!" What are you doing ?
"I'm cleaning up my armadillo bile, Professor," Harry said innocently, standing up and showing Snape the soggy rag he was holding.
Karkaroff turned on his heel and left the dungeon.  He looked both worried and angry.  Not wanting to be left alone with an exceptionally angry Snape, Harry threw his books and ingredients into his bag and rushed off to tell Ron and Hermione what he had just seen.

They left the castle the next day at noon to find a faint silver sun shining on the grounds.  The weather was milder than it had been all year, and by the time they arrived at Hogsmeade, all three of them had taken off their coats and thrown them over their shoulders. The food Sirius had told them to bring was in Harry's bag; they had collected a dozen chicken legs, a loaf of bread, and a bottle of pumpkin juice from the lunch table.
They went to Gladrags Wizardwear to buy a gift for Dobby, where they had fun selecting the gaudiest socks they could find, including a pair patterned with flashing gold and silver stars, and another that screamed loudly when they became too stinky. Then, at half-past one, they walked up High Street, past Dervish and Banges, and towards the edge of the village.
Harry had never been in this direction before.  The winding path led them into the wild countryside around Hogsmeade.  The cottages here were fewer in number and their gardens larger; they were walking towards the foot of the mountain in the shadow of which Hogsmeade was located. Then they turned a corner and saw a stile at the end of the path.  Waiting for them, his front paws on the highest bar, was a very large, black, shaggy dog, carrying newspapers in his mouth and looking very familiar. . . .
"Hello, Sirius," Harry said when they reached him.
The black dog eagerly sniffed Harry's bag, wagged his tail once, then turned and began trotting away from them through the scrubby terrain that rose to the rocky base of the mountain.  Harry, Ron and Hermione climbed the stile and followed him.
Sirius led them to the base of the mountain, where the ground was covered in rocks and boulders.  It was easy for him, with his four legs, but Harry, Ron and Hermione were quickly out of breath.  They followed Sirius higher, up to the mountain itself.  For nearly half an hour, they climbed a steep, winding, stony path, following Sirius' wagging tail, sweating in the sun, the straps of Harry's bag cutting into his shoulders.
Then, finally, Sirius disappeared out of sight, and when they reached the spot where he had disappeared, they saw a narrow crack in the rock.  They slipped in and found themselves cool,dimly lit cave.  Tied to the end, one end of his rope around a large rock, was Buckbeak the hippogriff.  Part gray horse, part giant eagle, Buckbeak's fierce orange eye glowed at the sight of them.  All three bowed to him, and after staring at them imperiously for a moment, Buck bent his scaly front knees and allowed Hermione to rush forward and stroke his feathery neck.  Harry, however, was looking at the black dog, who had just become his godfather.
Sirius wore tattered gray robes; the same ones he wore when he left Azkaban.  His black hair was longer than when he had appeared in the fire, and it was messy and tangled again.  He looked very thin.
"Chicken!" he said hoarsely after removing the old Daily Prophets from his mouth and throwing them onto the cave floor.
Harry opened his bag and handed her the package of chicken legs and bread.
"Thank you," Sirius said, opening it, grabbing a pestle, sitting down on the floor of the cave and tearing off a large chunk with his teeth. “I live mainly on rats. I can't steal too much food from Hogsmeade; I would draw attention to myself.
He smiled at Harry, but Harry smiled back reluctantly.
"What are you doing here, Sirius?" he said.
"Fulfilling my duty as godfather," Sirius said, gnawing on the chicken bone in a very canine manner.  "Don't worry about it, I'm pretending to be an adorable stray."
He was still smiling, but seeing the anxiety on Harry's face, he said more seriously, "I want to be there. Your last letter...well, let's just say things are getting fishier and fishier. J I stole the paper every time." every time someone throws one away, and from the looks of it, I'm not the only one worried."
He nodded towards the yellowed Daily Prophets on the cave floor, and Ron picked them up and unfolded them. Harry, however, continued to stare at Sirius.
"What if they caught you? What if you were seen?"
"You three and Dumbledore are the only ones here who know I'm an Animagus," Sirius said, shrugging his shoulders and continuing to devour the chicken leg.
Ron nudged Harry and passed him the Daily Prophet.  There were two: the first was titled Mysterious Illness of Bartemius Crouch, the second, The Ministry Witch Still Missing – Minister of Magic Now Personally Involved.
Harry looked through Crouch's history.  Phrases jumped out at him: hasn't been seen in public since November. . . the house seems deserted. . . St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Illnesses and Injuries declines to comment. . . The ministry refuses to confirm rumors of serious illness. . . .
"They look like he's dying," Harry said slowly.  "But he can't be that sick if he managed to get up here..."
"My brothers Crouch's personal assistant," Ron informed Sirius.  "He says Crouch is suffering from overwork."
"Be careful, he looked sick the last time I saw him up close," Harry said slowly, still reading the story. “The night my name came out of the goblet….”
 	"He has his reward for sending Winky away, doesn't he?" » Hermione said, her voice sharp.  She was petting Buck, who was munching on Sirius' chicken bones.  "I bet he wishes he hadn't done it now – I bet he feels the difference now that she's not here to take care of him."
"Hermione is obsessed with house elves," Ron muttered to Sirius, giving Hermione a dark look.  Sirius, however, looked interested.
“Cropton kicked out his house elf?
"Yeah, at the Quidditch World Cup," Harry said, and launched into the story of how the Dark Mark came to be, and finding Winky with Harry's wand clutched in his hand, and the fury of Mr. Crouch.  When Harry was finished, Sirius was back on his feet and had begun to pace around the cave.
“Let me get this straight,” he said after a moment, holding up a fresh chicken leg. "You first saw the elf in the Top Box. She was saving a place for Crouch, wasn't she?"
"Good," Harry, Ron and Hermione said together.
"But Crouch didn't come to the game?"
"No," Harry said. “I think he said he was too busy.”
Sirius paced around the cave in silence.  Then he said, "Harry, did you check your pockets for your wand after you left the Top Box?"
"Um..." Harry thought for a long time.  “No,” he finally said.  "I didn't need to use it until I got to the forest. And then I put my hand in my pocket, and all that was in there was my omnioculars."  He looked at Sirius.  "Are you saying that whoever summoned the Mark stole my wand from the Top Box?"
"It's possible," Sirius said.
“Winky didn’t steal that wand!”  Hermione insisted.
"The elf wasn't the only one in that box," Sirius said, frowning as he continued to pace.  “Who else was sitting behind you?”
“Lots of people,” Harry said.  "Some Bulgarian ministers... Cornelius Fudge... the Malfoys..."
"The Malfoys!"  Ron said suddenly, so loudly that his voice echoed throughout the cave, and Buck shook his head nervously.  "I bet it was Lucius Malfoy!"
"Someone else?" Sirius said.
"No one," Harry said."Yes, there was, there was Ludo Bagman," Hermione reminded him.
"Oh yeah . . ."
"I don't know anything about Bagman, except that he was the drummer for Wimbourne Wasps," Sirius said, still pacing.  "How is he ?"
"He's fine," Harry said. "He keeps offering to help me with the Triwizard Tournament."
“Really, now? » Sirius said, frowning deeper.  "I wonder why he would do that?"
"He says he likes me," Harry said.
"Hmm," Sirius said, looking thoughtful.
"We saw him in the forest just before the Dark Mark appeared," Hermione told Sirius. "Remember?"  she said to Harry and Ron.
“Yeah, but he didn’t stay in the forest, did he?”  Ron said.  “As soon as we told him about the riot, he went camping.”
"How do you know?"  Hermione replied.  "How do you know where he apparated?"
"Stop," Ron said incredulously.  "Are you saying you think Ludo Bagman summoned the Dark Mark?"
"It's more likely he did it than Winky," Hermione said stubbornly.
"I told you," said Ron, looking at Sirius meaningfully, "I told you she was obsessed with the house -"
But Sirius raised his hand to silence Ron.
"When the Dark Mark was invoked and the elf was found holding Harry's wand, what did Crouch do?"
“I went to look in the bushes,” Harry said, “but there was no one else there.”
"Of course," Sirius muttered as he paced, "of course he would blame this on anyone but his own elf... and then he sent her away?"
"Yes," said Hermione in a heated voice, "he sent her away, just because she didn't stay in her tent and let herself be trampled -"
"Hermione, are you going to rest with the elf!" Ron said.
Sirius shook his head and said, "She has a better measure of Crouch than you, Ron. If you want to know what a man likes, look at how he treats his inferiors, not his equals."
He ran a hand over his unshaven face, clearly in serious thought.
"All these Barty Crouch absences... he bothers to make sure his house elf saves him a spot at the Quidditch World Cup, but doesn't bother to show up and watch. He's working very hard to get back into the Triwizard Tournament, and then stop coming there too. It's not like Crouch. If he's ever taken a day off due to illness, I'll eat Buckbeak. "
“You know Crouch, then?” Harry said.
Sirius' face darkened.  He suddenly looked as menacing as the night Harry had first met him, the night Harry still believed Sirius to be a murderer.
"Oh, I know Crouch well," he said softly.  “He was the one who ordered me to be sent to Azkaban – without trial.”
"What?"  » Ron and Hermione said together.
“Are you kidding me!” Harry said.
"No, I'm not," Sirius said, taking another big bite of chicken.  "Crouch was head of the magical law enforcement department, didn't you know that?"
Harry, Ron and Hermione shook their heads.
"He was tipped to become the next Minister of Magic," Sirius said. "He's a great wizard, Barty Crouch, powerfully magical – and hungry for power. Oh, never a follower of Voldemort," he said, reading the expression on Harry's face.  "No, Barty Crouch was always very outspoken against the dark side. But a lot of people who were against the dark side...well, you wouldn't understand...you're too young...."
"That's what my dad said at the World Cup," Ron said with a trace of irritation in his voice. “Try us, why not?”
A smile appeared on Sirius' thin face.
"Alright, I'll try you. . . ." He went up the cave once, then came back, then said, "Imagine Voldemort is powerful now." You don't know who his supporters are, you don't know who works for him and who doesn't; you know he can do it. control people to do terrible things without being able to stop themselves. You are afraid for yourself, your family and your friends. Every week, news arrives of more deaths, more disappearances, more torture within the ministry. Magic is in disarray, they don't know what to do, they're trying to hide everything from the Muggles, but in the meantime, Muggles are dying of panic everywhere. be.
"Well, times like that bring out the best in some people and the worst in others. Crouch's principles might have been good in the beginning - I don't know. He quickly rose through the ranks of the Ministry and began ordering very harsh measures against Voldemorts' followers. The Aurors were given new powers - powers to kill rather than capture, for example. Dementors without trial and for fighting violence with violence and allowing the use of the Unforgivable Curses against suspects I would say he became as ruthless and cruel as many of the dark side He had his followers, mind you. many people thought he was doing it the right way, and there were many witches and wizards clamoring for him to take over as Minister of Magic when Voldemort.gone, it was only a matter of time before Crouch got the top job. But then something quite unfortunate happened. » Sirius smiled darkly. “Cropton's own son was caught with a group of Death Eaters who had managed to fight their way out of Azkaban. Apparently, they were trying to find Voldemort and bring him back to power. »
"Cropton's son caught?"  Hermione gasped.
"Yeah," Sirius said, tossing his chicken bone at Buckbeak, throwing himself back onto the ground next to the loaf of bread and tearing it in two.  "A nasty little shock for old Barty, I suppose. He should have spent a little more time at home with his family, shouldn't he? He should have left the office earlier sometime. .. get to know his sons.
He began to devour large pieces of bread. 
"Was his son a Death Eater?" Harry said.
"No idea," Sirius said, still eating bread.  "I was in Azkaban myself when he was brought in. These are mostly things I've discovered since I got out. The boy was definitely taken in the company of people I'd bet my whole life were Death Eaters - but he could have done it." been in the wrong place at the wrong time, just like the house elf. 
"Did Crouch try to take his son down?" » Hermione whispered. 
Sirius let out a laugh that sounded much more like a bark. 
"Croop let his son go? I thought you had the measure of him, Hermione! Anything that threatened to tarnish his reputation had to go; he had dedicated his entire life to becoming Minister of Magic. You saw him fired a devoted house elf because she still associated him with the Dark Mark - doesn't that tell you what he looks like Crouch's fatherly affection extended just far enough to give to his son? a trial, and by all accounts it was nothing more than an excuse for Crouch to show how much he hated the boy, and then he sent him straight to Azkaban.
"He gave his own son to the dementors?" » Harry asked softly. 
"That's right," Sirius said, and he didn't look amused at all now.  "I saw the dementors bring him in, I watched them through the bars of my cell door. He couldn't have been more than nineteen years old. They took him to a cell near mine . He was shouting at his mother at nightfall. He was silent but after a few days... they all ended up being silent, except when they were screaming in their sleep..."
For a moment, the sleepy look in Sirius' eyes became more pronounced than ever, as if the shutters had closed behind them.
"So he's still in Azkaban?" » Harry said.
"No," Sirius said dully.  "No, he's not in there anymore. He died about a year after they brought him in."
"He is dead?"
"He wasn't the only one," Sirius said bitterly.  "Most go crazy in there, and many stop eating at the end. They lose the will to live. You could always tell when a death was coming, because the dementors could sense it, they were excited. This boy had the he looked rather sickly when he When Crouch was an important member of the Ministry, he and his wife were given a deathbed visit. That was the last time I saw Barty Crouch, half-carrying his wife. outside my cell. She died herself, apparently, shortly afterward just as the boy never came to collect his son's body.
Sirius threw the bread he had just brought to his mouth and instead picked up the bottle of pumpkin juice and drained it.
"So old Crouch lost everything, just when he thought he did," he continued, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand.  "One moment, a hero, about to become Minister of Magic... then his son is dead, his wife is dead, the family name dishonored and, as I have heard since my escape, a sharp decline in popularity Once the boy was dead, people began to feel a little more sympathy towards the son and began to wonder how a nice young boy from a good family had gone so far astray. The conclusion was that his father never cared much for him. So Cornelius Fudge took over the job, and Crouch was transferred to the Department of International Magical Cooperation.
There was a long silence.  Harry thought about the way Crouch's eyes had bulged as he watched his disobedient house elf in the woods during the Quidditch World Cup. So that's probably why Crouch had overreacted to finding Winky under the Dark Mark.  It had brought back memories of his son, the old scandal and his disgrace at the ministry.
"Moody says Crouch is obsessed with catching dark wizards," Harry told Sirius.
"Yeah, I heard it's become a bit of a mania with him," Sirius said, nodding.  "If you ask me, he still thinks he can bring back the old popularity by catching one more Death Eater."
"And he snuck in here to search Snape's office!" » Ron helps triumphantly, looking at Hermione.
"Yes, and that doesn't make any sense," Sirius said.
“Yes it does!”  Ron said enthusiastically, but Sirius shook his head.
"Look, if Crouch wants to investigate Snape, why didn't he come and judge the tournament?"?  It would be a perfect excuse to come to Hogwarts regularly and keep an eye on him. »
"So you think Snape might be up to something, then?"  » Harry asked, but Hermione intervened.
"Look, I don't care what you say, Dumbledore trusts Snape -"
"Oh, forget it, Hermione," Ron said impatiently.  "I know Dumbledore is brilliant and all, but that doesn't mean a really smart dark wizard couldn't fool him -"
"Why did Snape save Harry's life in the first year, then? Why didn't he just let him die?"
"I don't know – maybe he thought Dumbledore would kick him out..."
"What do you think, Sirius?"  Harry said loudly, and Ron and Hermione stopped bickering to listen.
"I think they're both right," Sirius said, looking thoughtfully at Ron and Hermione. "Ever since I found out that Snape taught here, I've wondered why Dumbledore hired him. Snape was always fascinated by the Dark Arts, he was famous for it at school. A slimy, fat kid with greasy hair, he was," Sirius added, and Harry and Ron smiled at each other.  "Snape knew more curses when he arrived at school than half the kids in seventh year, and he was part of a gang of Slytherins who almost all turned out to be Death Eaters."
Sirius held up his fingers and started checking off names.
"Rosier and Wilkes - they were both killed by Aurors the year before Voldemort fell. The Lestranges - they're a married couple - they're in Azkaban. Avery - from what I've heard, he got himself out of trouble by saying he acted under the Imperius Curse - he's still at large but as far as I know Snape was never even accused of being a Death Eater - that doesn't mean many of them have never been caught smart and cunning enough to keep themselves out of trouble.”
"Snape knows Karkaroff pretty well, but he wants to keep this a secret," Ron said.
"Yeah, you should have seen Snape's face when Karkaroff came into potions yesterday!  » Harry said quickly.  "Karkaroff wanted to talk to Snape, he said Snape was avoiding him. Karkaroff looked really worried. He showed Snape something on his arm, but I couldn't see what it was."
Did he show Snape something on his arm? » Sirius said, looking frankly perplexed. He absentmindedly ran his fingers through his dirty hair, then shrugged again. “Well, I have no idea what it is. . . but if Karkaroff is really worried and goes to Snape for answers..."
Sirius looked at the cave wall, then made a frustrated face.
"There's always the fact that Dumbledore trusts Snape, and I know Dumbledore trusts where a lot of other people wouldn't, but I just can't see him letting Snape teach at Hogwarts if he had previously worked for Voldemort."
"Why are Moody and Crouch so eager to get into Snape's office, then?"  Ron said stubbornly.
"Well," Sirius said slowly, "I wouldn't have hesitated to search every professor's office when he arrived at Hogwarts. He takes Defense Against the Dark Arts seriously, Moody. I'm not sure he doesn't trust anyone, and after the things he's seen, it's not surprising I'll say that about Moody, though, he never killed if he could help it. He always brought them back. people alive when possible came down to the level of Death Eaters, though... that's another matter... if he is, why did he make the effort to drag himself to the office. of Rogue?.. what was he doing at the World Cup that was so important that he didn't show up in the Top Box when he should have been judging the tournament?
Sirius fell into silence, still staring at the cave wall.  Buck rummaged around on the rocky ground, looking for bones he might have overlooked.  Finally, Sirius looked up at Ron.
"You're saying your brother is Crouch's personal assistant?" Any chance you'll ask him if he's seen Crouch recently?
"I can try," Ron said doubtfully. "But it's best not to give the impression that Crouch is up to something questionable." Percy loves Crouch.
"And you might try to find out if they have any leads on Bertha Jorkins while you're at it," Sirius said, pointing to the second copy of the Daily Prophet.
“Bagman told me no,” Harry said.
"Yes, he's quoted in the article," Sirius said, nodding at the newspaper. "I brag about Bertha's bad memory. Well, maybe it's changed since I've known her, but the Bertha I knew wasn't at all forgetful - quite the opposite. She was a little Weak, but she had an excellent memory for gossip. It got her into a lot of trouble; she never knew when to keep quiet. I can see her being a bit of a liability at the Ministry of Magic for so long. ."
Sirius heaved a huge sigh and rubbed his dark eyes.
"What time is it?"
Harry checked his watch, then remembered that it hadn't been working since she had been in the lake for over an hour.
“It’s half past three,” saidd Hermione.
"You better get back to school," Sirius said, standing up.  “Now listen….”  He looked at Harry particularly hard.  "I don't want you to sneak out of school to see me, okay? Just send me notes here. I always want to hear about anything strange. But you must not leave Hogwarts without permission ;this would be a perfect opportunity for someone to attack you.
"No one has tried to attack me so far, except for a dragon and a few grindylows," Harry said, but Sirius scowled at him.
"I don't care... I'll breathe freely again when this tournament is over, and that's not until June. And remember, if you talk about me among yourselves, call me Snuffles, d 'agreement ?"
He handed Harry the empty napkin and flask and went to say goodbye to Buckbeak.  "I'll walk to the edge of the village with you," Sirius said, "see if I can get another newspaper."
He transformed into a large black dog before leaving the cave, and they walked back down the mountainside with him, across the boulder-strewn ground, and back to the stile. Here he allowed each of them to pat him on the head, before turning around and taking off running towards the outskirts of the village.  Harry, Ron and Hermione returned to Hogsmeade and went up to Hogwarts.
"I wonder if Percy knows all this about Crouch?"  Ron said as they walked up the path to the castle.  "But maybe he doesn't care... That would probably make him admire Crouch even more. Yeah, Percy loves rules. He'd just say Crouch refused to break them for his own son."
"Percy would never throw any of his family members to the dementors," Hermione said sternly.
"I don't know," Ron said.  "If he thought we were standing in the way of his career… Percy's really ambitious, you know…."
They walked up the stone steps to the entrance hall, where the delicious smells of dinner wafted towards them from the Great Hall.
"Poor old Snuffles," Ron said, breathing deeply.  "He must really love you. Harry... Imagine having to live on rats."
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT - THE MADNESS OF MR CROUCH

Harry, Ron and Hermione went up to the Aviary after breakfast on Sunday to send a letter to Percy, asking him, as Sirius had suggested, if he had seen Mr Crouch recently.  They used Hedwig, because it had been so long since she had a job.  After seeing her fly out of sight through the Aviary window, they headed to the kitchen to give Dobby his new socks.
The house elves gave them a very cheerful welcome, bowing and curtsying and busying themselves with making tea again.  Dobby was delighted with his gift.
“Harry Potter is too good for Dobby!” » he squealed, wiping big tears from his huge eyes.
"You saved my life with that wallflower, Dobby, you really did," Harry said.
"There's no chance of any more lightning, is there?"  said Ron, looking around at the beaming and bowing house elves.
“You just had breakfast!” " Hermione said irritably, but a large platter of silver lightning was already heading towards them, supported by four elves.
"We should find some things to send to Snuffles," Harry muttered.
"Good idea," Ron said. "Give Pig something to do. You couldn't give us a little extra food, could you?"  he said to the surrounding elves, and they bowed in delight and hurried off to look for more.
"Dobby, where's Winky?" » said Hermione, looking around.
"Winky's over there by the fire, miss," Dobby said softly, his ears lowered slightly.
"Oh my God," Hermione said, spotting Winky.
Harry also looked at the fireplace.  Winky was sitting on the same stool as last time, but she had left herself so dirty that she was not immediately distinguishable from the smoke-blackened brick behind her.  His clothes were tattered and unwashed.  She held a bottle of butterbeer in her hands and rocked lightly on her stool, looking at the fire.  As they looked at her, she gave a huge hiccup.
"Winky drinks six bottles a day now," Dobby whispered to Harry.
"Well, that thing isn't strong," Harry said.
But Dobby shook his head. "That's strong for a house elf, sir," he said.
Winky hiccupped again. The elves who had brought the lightning bolts gave him disapproving looks as they returned to work.
"Winky is pining, Harry Potter," Dobby murmured sadly.  "Winky wants to go home. Winky still thinks Mr. Crouch is her master, sir, and nothing Dobby says will persuade her that Professor Dumbledore is her master now."
"Hey, Winky," Harry said, struck by a sudden inspiration, walking over to her and leaning down, "you don't know what Mr. Crouch might do, do you? Because he stopped coming to judge the Triwizard Tournament."
Winky's eyes blinked. His enormous pupils focused on Harry.  She swayed slightly again then said: “M – Master is arrested – hic – he’s coming?”
"Yeah," Harry said, "we haven't seen him since the first task. The Daily Prophet says he's sick."
Winky swayed again, staring blankly at Harry.
"Master-hic- I will?"
His lower lip began to tremble.
"But we're not sure that's true," Hermione said quickly.
“Master needs his – hi – Winky!”  the elf moaned.  "The Master cannot - hiccup - manage - hiccup - alone..."
"Other people manage to do their own housework, you know, Winky," Hermione said sternly.
“Winky – hic – doesn’t just – hic – clean for Mr. Crouch!”  Winky squealed indignantly, rocking more than ever and dripping Butterbeer all over her already badly stained blouse.  "The Master does - hic - confide to Winky - hic - the most important - hic - the most secret..."
"What?" Harry said.
But Winky shook her head hard, spilling more butterbeer herself.
"Winky keeps - hic - his master's secrets," she said mischievously, swinging very heavily now, frowning at Harry with crossed eyes.  “You’re – hic – nosy, you are.”
"Winky must not talk to Harry Potter like that!"  Dobby said angrily.  “Harry Potter is brave and noble and Harry Potter is not curious!”
"He snoops - hic - in the - hic - private and secret - hic - Winky is a good house elf - hic - Winky keeps silent - hic - people try to - hic - force and push - hic -"
Winky's eyelids drooped and suddenly, without warning, she slid off her stool into the hearth, snoring loudly.  The empty butterbeer bottle rolled onto the stone floor.  Half a dozen house elves rushed over, looking disgusted.  One of them picked up the bottle; the others covered Winky with a large checkered tablecloth and carefully tucked in the ends, hiding her from view.
"We're sorry you had to see that, sirs and misses!"  a nearby elf squeaked, shaking his head and looking very ashamed.  "We hope you won't judge us all by Winky, sirs and misses!"
“She’s unhappy!” » said Hermione, exasperated.  “Why don’t you try to cheer her up instead of covering for her?”
“I beg your pardon, miss,” said the house elf, bowing deeply again, “but house elves have no right to be unhappy when there is work to be done and masters to serve."
“Oh for heaven’s sake!”  Hermione cried.  "Listen to me, all of you! You have as much right as wizards to be unhappy! You have the right to a salary, a vacation and decent clothes, you don't have to do everything that we tells you – look at Dobby!”
"Miss, please keep Dobby out of this," Dobby muttered, looking scared.  The happy smiles were gone from the faces of the house elves around the kitchen.  They suddenly looked at Hermione like she was crazy and dangerous.
“We have your extra food!” » squealed an elf at Harry's elbow, and he stuffed a large ham, a dozen cakes and some fruit into Harry's arms.  "Bye!"
The house elves gathered around Harry, Ron and Hermione and began to lead them out of the kitchen, many small hands pushing at the small of their backs.
“Thanks for the socks, Harry Potter!”  Dobby called miserably from the foyer, where he stood next to the lumpy tablecloth that represented Winky.
"You couldn't keep your mouth shut, could you, Hermione?"  Ron said angrily as the kitchen door closed behind them.  "They won't want us to visit them now! We could have tried to get more information from Winky about Crouch!"
“Oh, as if you care!” Hermione mocked.  “You only like to come here to eat!”
After that it was a pretty irritable day.  Harry was so tired of seeing Ron and Hermione sniping at each other about their homework in the common room that he brought Sirius' food to the Aviary alone that evening.
Pigwidgeon was far too small to carry a whole ham up the mountain alone, so Harry also enlisted the help of two school owls.  When they had left at dusk, looking extremely strange carrying the large bundle between them.  Harry leaned on the windowsill, looking out over the park, the dark, rustling treetops of the Forbidden Forest, and the billowing sails of the Durmstrang ship.  An eagle owl flew through the coil of smoke rising from Hagrid's chimney; he flew towards the castle, around the Aviary and out of sight. Looking down, Harry saw Hagrid digging vigorously in front of his cabin.  Harry wondered what he was doing; it looked like he was making a new vegetable garden.  Before his eyes, Madame Maxime got out of Beauxbatons' car and walked towards Hagrid.  She seemed to be trying to engage him in conversation.  Hagrid leaned on his spade, but did not seem to want to prolong their conversation, because Madame Maxime returned to the car shortly after.
Not wanting to return to Gryffindor Tower and listen to Ron and Hermione growling at each other, Harry watched as Hagrid dug until darkness swallowed him up and the owls around Harry began to swarm. waking up, passing him in the night.

The next day at breakfast, Ron and Hermione's bad moods had dissipated and, much to Harry's relief, Ron's dire predictions that the house elves would send substandard food to the table Gryffindors because Hermione had insulted Hermione.d them proved false; the bacon, eggs and herrings were as good as usual.
When the mail owls arrived, Hermione looked up impatiently; she seemed to be expecting something.
"Percy won't have time to respond yet," Ron said.  “We only sent Hedwig yesterday.”
"No, it's not that," Hermione said.  “I took out a subscription to the Daily Prophet. I'm tired of knowing everything about Slytherins.
"Well thought!"  Harry said, also looking at the owls.  "Hey, Hermione, I think you're lucky -"
A great gray owl flew towards Hermione.
“But there’s no newspaper,” she said, looking disappointed.  "It is -"
But to his great surprise, the great gray owl landed in front of his plate, closely followed by four barn owls, a brown owl and a tawny owl.
“How many subscriptions have you purchased?” Harry said, grabbing Hermione's goblet before it was knocked over by the group of owls, all of whom were milling about near her, trying to deliver their own letter to her first.
"What is happening - ?" » Hermione said, taking the letter from the great gray owl, opening it and starting to read.  "Oh really!" » she stammered, turning rather red.
"What's new?" Ron said.
“That’s – oh how ridiculous –”
She handed the letter to Harry, who saw that it was not handwritten, but made up of pasted letters that looked like they had been cut out of the Daily Prophet.

YOU ARE A BAD GIRL.  HARRY POTTER DESERVES
BETTER.  GO BACK TO WHERE YOU CAME FROM MUGGLE.

“They’re all like that!”  Hermione said desperately, opening one letter after another.  "'Harry Potter can do much better than you. . . .' “You deserve to be boiled in frog spawn.”
She had opened the last envelope, and a yellowish green liquid, smelling strongly of gasoline, gushed out of her hands, which began to burst into large yellow boils.
“Undiluted bubotuber pus!” Ron said, carefully picking up the envelope and sniffing it.
“Ouch!”  Hermione said, tears welling up in her eyes as she tried to wipe the pus from her hands with a towel, but her fingers were now so thickly covered in painful sores that it looked like she was wearing a pair of thick, knotty gloves.
"You'd better go up to the hospital wing," Harry said as the owls around Hermione took flight.  "We'll tell Professor Sprout where you went..."
“I warned her!”  Ron said as Hermione rushed out of the Great Hall, clutching his hands. "I warned her not to bother Rita Skeeter! Look at this one..." He read from one of the letters Hermione had left behind: "I read in Witch Weekly about how you play false to Harry Potter and this boy have had enough of it and I'll send you a curse in the next mail as soon as I can find an envelope big enough.'  Damn, she better watch out for herself."
Hermione didn't come to Herbology.  As Harry and Ron left the greenhouse for their Care of Magical Creatures lesson, they saw Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle coming down the stone steps of the castle.  Pansy Parkinson was whispering and laughing behind them with her gang of Slytherin girls.  Seeing Harry, Pansy called out, "Potter, have you broken up with your girlfriend?" Why was she so upset at breakfast?
Harry ignored him; he didn't want to give her the satisfaction of knowing how much trouble the Witch Weekly article had caused.
Hagrid, who had told them during the last lesson that they were done with unicorns, was waiting for them outside his cabin with a new supply of open crates at his feet.  Harry's heart sank at the sight of the crates – surely not another skrewt hatching? – but when he got close enough to see inside, he found himself looking at a number of twitching black creatures with long snouts.  Their front paws were oddly flat, like spades, and they blinked at the class, looking politely perplexed by all the attention.
"They're nifflers," said Hagrid when the class had assembled.  "Yeah, they're mostly found in mines. They like sparkly things. . . . There you go, look."
One of the nifflers had suddenly stood up and tried to snatch Pansy Parkinson's watch from her wrist. She screamed and jumped back.
“Useful little treasure detectors,” said Hagrid happily.  "I thought we'd have fun with them today. See over there?"  He pointed to the large patch of freshly turned earth that Harry had watched him dig from the Aviary window.  "I buried some gold coins. I have a prize for whoever chooses the niffler who digs up the most. Remove all your valuables, choose a niffler, and prepare to let him loose."
Harry took off his watch, which he wore out of habit because it no longer worked, and stuffed it into his pocket.  Then he picked up a niffler.  He placed his long snout in Harry's ear and sniffed enthusiastically. It was really very cuddly.
"Wait," Hagrid said, looking down at the crate, "there's a spare niffler here... that's missing? Where's Hermione?"
"She must have gone to the infirmary," Ron explained.
"We'll explain later," Harry muttered; Pansy Parkinson listened.
It wasThis was by far the most fun they ever had in Care of Magical Creatures.  The nifflers dove in and out of the patch of dirt as if it were water, each rushing towards the student who had released them and spitting gold into their hands.  Ron's was particularly effective; he soon had his knees filled with coins.
“Can you buy them as pets, Hagrid? "" he asked excitedly as his niffler dove back into the ground, splashing his robes.
"Your mother wouldn't be happy, Ron," Hagrid said, smiling.  "They're destroying houses, the Nifflers. I think they've got almost everything back now," he added, pacing the patch of land while the Nifflers continued to dive.  “I only buried about a hundred pieces. Oh, there you are, Hermione!
Hermione was walking towards them across the lawn.  Her hands were very heavily bandaged and she looked miserable.  Pansy Parkinson looked at her attentively.
“Well, let’s check how you did!” Hagrid said.  "Count your coins! And there's no point trying to steal any, Goyle," he added, his beetle-black eyes narrowing.  "It's pixie gold. Disappears after a few hours."
Goyle emptied his pockets, looking extremely sulky.  It turned out that Ron's niffler had been the most successful, so Hagrid gave him a huge slice of Honeydukes chocolate as a prize.  The bell rang in the park for lunch; The rest of the class returned to the castle, but Harry, Ron and Hermione stayed behind to help Hagrid put the nifflers back in their boxes. Harry noticed that Madame Maxime was looking at them through the window of the other car.
"What did you do with your hands, Hermione?"  Hagrid said, looking worried.
Hermione told him about the hate mail she had received that morning, and the envelope full of bubotuber pus.
"Aaah, don't worry," Hagrid said softly, looking at her.  "I got some of these letters, after Rita Skeeter wrote about my mother. 'Yeah, you're a monster and you should be put down.'  “Your mother killed innocent people and if you had any decency you would jump into a lake.”
"No!" Hermione said, looking shocked.
"Yeah," Hagrid said, hefting the Niffler's crates near the wall of his cabin.  "They're just weirdos, Hermione." Don't open them if you still have any. Throw them directly into the fire.
"You missed a very good lesson," Harry said to Hermione as they headed towards the castle.  "Nifflers are good, aren't they, Ron?"
Ron, however, was frowning at the chocolate Hagrid had given him. He looked completely upset about something.
"What is the problem?"  Harry said.  “Bad flavor?”
"No," Ron said shortly.  “Why didn’t you tell me about the gold?”
“What gold?”  Harry said.
“The gold I gave you at the Quidditch World Cup,” Ron said.  "The pixie gold I gave you for my omnioculars. In the top box. Why didn't you tell me it was missing?"
Harry had to think for a moment before realizing what Ron was talking about.
"Oh . . ." he said, the memory finally coming back to him.  "I don't know...I never noticed she was missing." I was more worried about my wand, wasn't I?
They walked up the steps of the entrance hall and towards the Great Hall for lunch.
"That must be nice," said Ron abruptly, when they had sat down and started helping themselves to the roast beef and Yorkshire puddings.  "To have that much money, you don't realize if a pocket of galleons disappears."
“Look, I had other things on my mind that night!” » Harry helps impatiently.  “We all did it, remember?”
"I didn't know leprechaun gold was disappearing," Ron muttered.  "I was thinking of paying you back. You shouldn't have gotten me that Chudley Cannon hat for Christmas."
“Forget it, okay?”  Harry said.
Ron poked a roast potato on the end of his fork, staring at it.  Then he said, “I hate being poor. »
Harry and Hermione looked at each other.  Neither of them really knew what to say.
"That's nonsense," Ron said, still looking at his potato.  "I don't blame Fred and George for trying to make a little extra money. I wish I could have done it. I wish I had a niffler."
"Well, we know what to get you next Christmas," Hermione said brightly.  Then, as Ron continued to look gloomy, she said, "Come on, Ron, it could be worse." At least your fingers aren't full of pus.  Hermione was having a lot of trouble handling her knife and fork, her fingers were so stiff and swollen.  “I hate that Skeeter woman!”  » she burst out wildly.  “I’ll get her back for this if it’s the last thing I do!”

Hate mail continued to arrive for Hermione over the next week, and although she took Hagrid's advice and stopped opening it, several of her villains sent Howlers, which exploded at the table Gryffindors and him shouted insults for the whole room to hear.  Even those who hadn't read Witch Weekly now knew all about the supposed Harry-Krum-Hermione triangle.  Harry was tired of telling people that Hermione wasn't his girlfriend.
“But it will fade,” he told Hermione, “if we ignore it... People got tired of what she wrote about me last time.
"I want to know how she listens to private conversationswhen she is supposed to be banned from the field! » Hermione said angrily.
Hermione stayed behind during their next Defense Against the Dark Arts lesson to ask Professor Moody something.  The rest of the class was very eager to leave; Moody had put them through a hex deviation test so rigorous that many of them were nursing minor injuries.  Harry had such a bad case of Twitchy Ears that he had to hold his hands tight on them as he walked away from class.
"Well, Rita definitely doesn't use an invisibility cloak!"  Hermione was panting five minutes later, catching up with Harry and Ron in the entrance hall and removing Harry's hand from one of her twitching ears so he could hear her.  "Moody says he didn't see her anywhere near the judges' table during the second task, nor near the lake!
"Hermione, what's the point of telling you to give it up?"  Ron said.
"No!" » Hermione said stubbornly.  "I want to know how she heard me talking to Viktor!" And how she discovered Hagrid's mother!
"Maybe she bugged you," Harry said.
“Bugged?” » Ron said blankly.  "What... put fleas on him or something?"
Harry began to explain the hidden microphones and recording equipment.  Ron was fascinated, but Hermione interrupted them.
“You're never going to read Hogwarts History ^”
"What's the point?"  Ron said.  “You know it by heart, we can just ask you.”
"All these substitutes for magic that Muggles use - electricity and computers and radars and all these things - they're all going haywire around Hogwarts, there's too much magic in the air. No, Rita uses the magic to eavesdrop, it must be... If only I could find out what it is... ooh, if it's illegal, I'll have it..."
“Don’t we have enough to worry about?”  Ron asked him.  “Should we also start a vendetta against Rita Skeeter?
“I’m not asking you to help!”  » Hermione snapped.  “I’ll do it myself!”
She went back up the marble staircase without a backward glance. Harry was pretty sure she was going to the library.
“What’s the bet she comes back with a box of badges / I hate Rita Skeeter?” Ron said.
Hermione, however, did not ask Harry and Ron to help her get revenge on Rita Skeeter, which they were both grateful for, as their workload grew more and more in the days leading up to the Easter break. .  Harry was frankly amazed that Hermione could research magical methods of eavesdropping as well as whatever else they needed to do.  He worked his butt off just to get all their homework done, even though he made it a point to regularly send food parcels to the mountain cave for Sirius; After last summer, Harry hadn't forgotten what it felt like to be continually hungry.  He attached notes to Sirius, telling him that nothing out of the ordinary had happened and that they were still waiting for a response from Percy.
Hedwig only returned at the end of the Easter holidays.  Percy's letter was included in a packet of Easter eggs that Mrs. Weasley had sent.  Harry and Ron's were the size of dragon eggs and filled with homemade caramel.  Hermione, however, was smaller than a chicken egg.  Her face fell when she saw him.
"Your mother doesn't read Witch Weekly, by any chance, does she, Ron?"  » she asked softly.
"Yeah," said Ron, whose mouth was full of toffee. “I take it for the recipes.”
Hermione looked sadly at her little egg.
"Don't you want to see what Percy wrote?" » Harry asked him hurriedly.
Percy's letter was short and angry.

As I constantly tell the Daily Prophet, Mr. Crouch is taking a well-deserved break. He regularly sends owls with instructions.  No, I haven't actually seen it, but I think I can be trusted to know my own superior's handwriting.  I have enough to do right now without trying to quell these ridiculous rumors.  Please don't bother me again unless it's something important.  Happy Easter.

The start of the summer term would normally have meant Harry training hard for the last Quidditch match of the season. This year, however, it was the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament that he had to prepare for, but he still didn't know what he should do.  Finally, during the last week of May, Professor McGonagall kept him in Transfiguration.
"You have to go to the Quidditch pitch at nine tonight. Potter," she told him. "Mr. Bagman will be there to speak to the champions about the third task."
So at half past eight that evening. Harry left Ron and Hermione in Gryffindor tower and went downstairs.  As he walked through the entrance hall, Cedric emerged from the Hufflepuff common room.
“What do you think it’s going to be?”  he asked Harry as they walked down the stone steps together into the cloudy night.  "Fleur keeps talking about underground tunnels; she thinks they have to find treasure."
"That wouldn't be too bad," Harry said, thinking he'd just ask Hagrid for a niffler to do the job for him.
They walked across the dark lawn to the Quidditch stadium.uh, I walked through a gap in the stands and out onto the field.
“What did they do to him?” » Cedric said indignantly, stopping dead in his tracks.
The Quidditch pitch was no longer smooth and flat.  It looked like someone had built long, low walls everywhere that twisted and crisscrossed in every direction.
“They’re hedges!” Harry said, leaning down to examine the nearest one.
"Good morning!" » called a cheerful voice.
Ludo Bagman stood in the middle of the field with Krum and Fleur.  Harry and Cedric headed towards them, climbing the hedges.  Fleur beamed at Harry as he approached.  His attitude towards her had completely changed since he had saved his sister from the lake.
“Well, what do you think?”  » Bagman said happily as Harry and Cedric climbed the last hedge.  "They're growing well, aren't they? Give them a month and Hagrid will have them twenty feet tall. Don't worry," he added with a smile, spotting the less than happy expressions on Harry's faces. and from Cedric, "Will your Quidditch pitch return to normal once the task is completed? Now I guess you can guess what we're doing here!"
No one spoke for a moment. SO -
“Maze,” Krum growled.
"That's right!"  Bagman said.  "A maze. The third task is really very simple. The Triwizard Cup will be placed in the center of the maze. The first champion to touch it will receive the maximum score."
“It seems that we have to go through the maze?” said Fleur.
“There will be obstacles,” Bagman said happily, bouncing on the balls of his feet. "Hagrid provides a certain number of creatures... then there will be spells that need to be broken... all that sort of thing, you know. Now the champions who are ahead in points will have a head start in the maze." Bagman smiled at Harry and Cedric. "Next, Mr. Krum will enter...then Miss Delacour. But you will all have a fighting chance, depending on your ability to overcome the obstacles. Should be fun, huh?"
Harry, who knew all too well the kind of creatures Hagrid was likely to provide for an event like this, thought it probably wouldn't be fun at all.  However, he nodded politely, like the other champions.
"Very well... if you don't have any questions, let's go back to the castle, let's go, it's a little cool...."
Bagman rushed to Harry's side as they began to exit the growing maze.  Harry had a feeling Bagman was going to start offering to help him again, but just then Krum patted Harry on the shoulder.
“Could I have a word?”
"Yeah, okay," Harry said, slightly surprised.
“Will you walk with me?”
"Okay," Harry said curiously.
Bagman looked slightly disturbed.
" I will wait for you. Harry, okay?
"No, it's okay, Mr. Bagman," Harry said, suppressing a smile, "I think I can find the castle on my own, thank you."
Harry and Krum left the stadium together, but Krum did not set sail for the Durmstrang ship.  Instead, he headed into the forest.
“Why are we going this way?” Harry said as they passed Hagrid's cabin and the illuminated Beauxbatons carriage.
“Don’t be heard,” Krum said shortly.
When they finally reached a quiet patch of land a short distance from the Beauxbatons horse paddock, Krum stopped in the shade of the trees and turned to face Harry.
“I want to know,” he said, glaring, “what’s the matter with you and Hermy-own-ninny.”
Harry, who, because of Krum's secretive ways, had expected something much more serious than this, looked at Krum in astonishment.
“Nothing,” he said.  But Krum glared at him, and Harry, somehow struck by Krum's size, elaborated.  "We're friends. She's not my girlfriend and she never was. She's just this Skeeter woman who makes things up."
"My own ninny talks about you very often," Krum said, looking at Harry suspiciously.
"Yeah," Harry said, "because we were friends."
He couldn't believe he was having this conversation with Viktor Krum, the famous international Quidditch player.  It was as if eighteen-year-old Krum meant it. Harry was an equal - a true rival -
"You never did...you never did..."
"No," Harry said very firmly.
Krum looked slightly happier.  He looked at Harry for a few seconds, then said, "You're very veiled. I vote for the first task."
"Thank you," Harry said, smiling widely and suddenly feeling much taller.  "I saw you at the Quidditch World Cup. Wronski's feint, you're really -"
But something moved behind Krum in the trees, and Harry, who had some experience with the kind of thing that lurked in the forest, instinctively grabbed Krum's arm and pulled him.
“Your, is that it?”
Harry shook his head, staring at the spot where he had seen movement.  He slipped his hand into his robes, grabbing his wand.
Suddenly, a man appeared from behind a large oak tree.  For a moment, Harry didn't recognize him. . . then he realized it was Mr. Crouch.
He looked like he had been traveling for days.  The knees of his robes were torn and bloody, his face scratched; heHe was unshaven and gray with exhaustion.  His well-groomed hair and mustache both needed washing and trimming.  His strange appearance, however, had nothing to do with the way he behaved.  Mumbling and gesticulating, Mr. Crouch seemed to be talking to someone only he could see.  He vividly reminded Harry of an old tramp he had once seen while shopping with the Dursleys.  This man too had had a wild conversation with the void; Aunt Petunia had grabbed Dudley's hand and pulled him across the road to avoid him; Uncle Vernon then gave the family a long speech about what he would like to do with beggars and vagabonds.
“Isn’t he a judge?” » Krum said, looking at Mr. Crouch.  “Isn’t he with your ministry?”
Harry nodded, hesitated for a moment, then slowly walked towards Mr. Crouch, who didn't look at him, but continued talking to a nearby tree.
"...and when you have done that, Weatherby, send an owl to Dumbledore confirming the number of Durmstrang students who will participate in the tournament, Karkaroff has just announced that there will be twelve..."
"Mr. Crouch?" » Harry said cautiously.
"...and then send another owl to Madame Maxime, because she might want to increase the number of students she brings, now Karkaroff has made it a dozen...do it, Weatherby, you do you want to?
Mr. Crouch's eyes were bulging.  He stood looking at the tree, muttering quietly.  Then he staggered sideways and fell to his knees.
"Mr. Crouch?" » Harry said out loud. "Are you doing OK?"
Crouch's eyes rolled back in his head.  Harry looked at Krum, who had followed him into the trees, and was looking at Crouch with concern.
“Your not going to his house?”
"No idea," Harry muttered.  "Look, you better go find someone -"
“Dumbledore! » panted Mr. Crouch. He reached out and grabbed a handful of Harry's robes, pulling him closer, even as his eyes stared at Harry's head.  "I need…you see…Dumbledore…."
"Okay," Harry said, "if you get up, Mr. Crouch, we can go up to the-"
“I did…a stupid thing…” Mr. Crouch was breathing.  He looked completely crazy.  His eyes rolled and bulged, and a stream of spittle ran down his chin.  Every word he spoke seemed to cost him a terrible effort.  “I have to… say it… Dumbledore…”
"Stand up, Mr. Crouch," Harry said loudly and clearly.  “Get up, I’ll take you to see Dumbledore!”
Mr. Crouch's eyes rolled towards Harry.
"That you?" He whispered.
"I'm a student at the school," Harry said, looking to Krum for help, but Krum hung back, looking extremely nervous.
“Aren’t you…his?” Crouch murmured, his mouth dropping.
"No," Harry said, without the slightest idea what Crouch was talking about.
"Dumbledore's?"
"That's right," Harry said.
Crouch pulled him closer; Harry tried to loosen Crouch's grip on his robes, but it was too powerful.
"Warn...Dumbledore..."
"I'll have Dumbledore if you let me go," Harry said.  "Let go, Mr. Crouch, and I'll have him..."
"Thank you, Weatherby, and when you have done that I would like a cup of tea. My wife and son will be arriving shortly, we are attending a concert this evening with Mr and Mrs Fudge."
Crouch was once again speaking fluently to a tree, and seemed completely unaware that Harry was there, which surprised Harry so much that he didn't notice that Crouch had released him.
"Yes, my son recently won twelve O.W.L.S, very satisfying, yes, thank you, yes, very proud. Now, if you could bring me this memo from the Andorran Minister of Magic, I think I would have time to write an answer..."
“You stay here with him!”  » Harry said to Krum.  "I'll get Dumbledore, I'll be quicker, I know where his office is -"
"He's crazy," Krum said dubiously, looking at Crouch, who was still babbling in front of the tree, apparently convinced it was Percy.
"Just stay with him," Harry said, starting to get up, but his movement seemed to trigger another abrupt shift in Mr. Crouch, who grabbed him hard around the knees and brought Harry back to the ground.
“Don’t… leave… me!”  » he whispered, his eyes bulging again.  "I... escaped... I must warn... I must tell... see Dumbledore... my fault... all my fault. . . Bertha... dead... all my fault.. my son... it's my fault... tell Dumbledore... Harry Potter... the Dark Lord.
"I'll catch Dumbledore if you let me go, Mr. Crouch!" Harry said. He looked around furiously at Krum. “Help me, will you?”
Looking extremely worried, Krum walked over and crouched down next to Mr. Crouch.
"Keep him here," Harry said, freeing himself from Mr. Crouch.  "I'll be back with Dumbledore."
“Hurry up, won’t you?”  » Krum called as Harry sprinted away from the forest through the dark lands.  They were deserted; Bagman, Cédric and Fleur had disappeared.  Harry climbed the stone steps, through the oak front doors and up the marble staircase, towards the second floor.
Five minutes later he rushed towards a standing stone gargoyle halfway down an empty corridor.
“Sher – lemon sorbet!” he panted.
It was the password to the hidden staircase leading to Dumbledore's office – or at least it was two years ago.  The password had obviously changed, however, because the stone gargoyle did not come to life and jump aside, but stood frozen, staring at Harry maliciously.
"Move!" Harry shouted. “Let’s go!”
But nothing at Hogwarts had ever changed just because he shouted at it; he knew it wasn't good.  He looked up and down the dark hallway.  Maybe Dumbledore was in the staff room?  He started running as fast as he could towards the stairs -
"POTTER!"
Harry stopped and looked around. Snape had just come out of the staircase hidden behind the stone gargoyle.  The wall closed behind him even as he gestured for Harry to come back to him.
"What are you doing here, Potter?"
"I need to see Professor Dumbledore!"  Harry said, running down the corridor and skidding to a stop in front of Snape.  "It's Mr. Crouch... he's just arrived... he's in the forest... he's asking -"
“What is this bullshit?” » Snape said, his black eyes shining. "What are you talking about?"
"Mr. Crouch! » Harry shouted.  "From the Ministry! He's sick or something - he's in the forest, he wants to see Dumbledore! Just give me the password until - "
"The Headmaster is busy. Potter," Snape said, his thin mouth curving into an unpleasant smile.
"I have to tell Dumbledore!" Harry shouted.
"You didn't hear me. Potter?"
Harry could tell that Snape was really enjoying himself, denying Harry what he wanted while he was so panicked.
"Look," Harry said angrily, "Crouch isn't right – he's – he's out of his mind – he says he wants to warn –"
The stone wall behind Snape opened.  Dumbledore stood there, wearing long green robes and a slightly curious expression.  "Is there a problem?" » he said, looking from Harry to Snape.
"Teacher!" Harry said, avoiding Snape before he could speak, "Mr. Crouch is here – he's in the forest, he wants to talk to you!"
Harry expected Dumbledore to ask questions, but to his relief, Dumbledore did no such thing.
"Lead the way," he said promptly, and walked off down the corridor behind Harry, leaving Snape standing next to the gargoyle and looking twice as ugly.
"What did Mr. Crouch say." Harry? Dumbledore said as they quickly descended the marble staircase.
"He said he wanted to warn you... he said he had done something terrible... he mentioned his son... and Bertha Jorkins... and - and Voldemort... something thing about Voldemort getting stronger….”
"Indeed," Dumbledore said, and quickened his pace as they rushed into the pitch darkness.
"He's not acting normally," Harry said, rushing to Dumbledore's side.  "He doesn't seem to know where he is. He keeps talking like he thinks Percy Weasley is there, then he changes and says he needs to see you. ...I left him with Viktor Krum. "
"You did it?"  Dumbledore said sharply, and started taking even longer steps, so that Harry was running to keep up.  "Do you know if anyone else has seen Mr. Crouch?"
"No," Harry said.  "Krum and I were talking, Mr. Bagman had just finished telling us about the third task, we stayed put, then we saw Mr. Crouch coming out of the forest -"
"Where are they?" » Dumbledore said as Beauxbatons' car emerged from the darkness.
"This way," Harry said, stepping in front of Dumbledore, leading the way through the trees.  He no longer heard Crouch's voice, but he knew where he was going; it hadn't taken long to overtake Beauxbatons' car. . . somewhere around here. . . .
“Victor?”  Harry shouted.
Nobody answered.
"They were there," Harry told Dumbledore.  “They were definitely around here somewhere….”
"Lumos," Dumbledore said, lighting his wand and raising it.
Its narrow beam traveled from black trunk to black trunk, illuminating the ground.  And then he fell on a pair of feet.
Harry and Dumbledore rushed over.  Krum lay on the forest floor.  He seemed unconscious.  There was no sign of Mr. Crouch.  Dumbledore leaned over Krum and gently lifted one of his eyelids.
“Stunned,” he said softly. His half-moon glasses glinted in the wand light as he looked at the surrounding trees.
“Should I go find someone?”  Harry said.  “Madam Pomfrey?”
"No," Dumbledore said quickly.  "Stay here."
He raised his wand in the air and pointed it in the direction of Hagrid's cabin.  Harry saw something silver come out and flee through the trees like a ghostly bird.  Then Dumbledore leaned over Krum again, pointed his wand at him and muttered "Ennervate."
Krum opened his eyes.  He looked dazed.  When he saw Dumbledore, he tried to sit up, but Dumbledore put a hand on his shoulder and made him stay still.
“He attacked me!” » Krum muttered, putting a hand on his head.  "The old fool attacked me! I your loI came to see that Potter was gone and he attacked from behind!”
"Be still for a moment," Dumbledore said.
The sound of thundering footsteps reached them, and Hagrid appeared panting with Fang at his heels.  He was carrying his crossbow.
"Professor Dumbledore!" he said, his eyes widening. "Harry…what…?"
"Hagrid, I need you to fetch Professor Karkaroff," Dumbledore said. "His student was attacked. When you have done this, please alert Professor Moody -"
"No need, Dumbledore," said a hissing growl. "I am here."
Moody limped towards them, leaning on his staff, his wand lit.
“Damn leg,” he said furiously.  "I would have been there quicker...what happened? Snape said something about Crouch -"
"Squat?"  Hagrid said matter-of-factly.
"Karkaroff, please, Hagrid!"  » Dumbledore said abruptly.
“Oh yeah…that’s right, Professor….” said Hagrid, and he turned and disappeared into the dark trees, Fang trotting after him.
"I don't know where Barty Crouch is," Dumbledore said to Moody, "but it's essential that we find him."
"I'm here," Moody growled, and he took out his wand and limped into the forest.
Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke again until they heard the unmistakable sounds of Hagrid and Fang returning.  Karkaroff rushed after them.  He wore his elegant silver furs and he looked pale and agitated.
"What is this?" » he shouted seeing Krum on the ground and Dumbledore and Harry next to him.  "What is going on?"
“I attacked you!” » Krum said, sitting up and rubbing his head.  "Mr. Crouch or vote for his name -"
“Did Crouch attack you?” Crouch attacked you? The Triwizard Judge?
"Igor," Dumbledore began, but Karkaroff had sat up, clutching his furs around him, looking livid.
"Treachery!" » he bellowed, pointing to Dumbledore.  "It's a conspiracy! You and your Ministry of Magic lured me here under false pretenses, Dumbledore! This is not an equal competition! First you bring Potter into the tournament, even though he be minor! Now one of your friends from the Ministry is trying to put my champion out of action! I sense double dealing and corruption in this whole affair, and you, Dumbledore, with your speeches on international rapprochement.
wizarding bonds, rebuilding old bonds, forgetting old differences – this is what I think of you!”
Karkaroff spat on the ground at Dumbledore's feet.  In one swift motion, Hagrid grabbed the front of Karkaroff's furs, lifted him into the air, and pinned him against a nearby tree.
"Apologize!" Hagrid growled as Karkaroff panted, Hagrid's massive fist at his throat, his feet dangling in the air.
“Hagrid, no! Dumbledore shouted, his eyes flashing.
Hagrid removed the hand that held Karkaroff to the tree, and Karkaroff slid all the way down the trunk and collapsed in a group at its roots; a few twigs and leaves fell on his head.
"Please escort Harry to the castle, Hagrid," Dumbledore said abruptly.
Breathing heavily, Hagrid glared at Karkaroff.
"Maybe I'd better stay here." Director… "
"You will take Harry back to school, Hagrid," Dumbledore repeated firmly.  "Take him to Gryffindor Tower." And Harry – I want you to stay there. Whatever you want to do – all the owls you want to send – they can wait until morning, you understand me?
"Um...yes," Harry said, looking at him.  How had Dumbledore known that at that very moment he had considered sending Pigwidgeon directly to Sirius, to tell him what had happened?
"I'll leave Fang to you. Headmaster," Hagrid said, looking menacingly at Karkaroff, who was still lying at the base of the tree, tangled in furs and tree roots.  "Stay, Fang. Come on, Harry."
They walked in silence in front of the Beauxbatons' carriage and went up towards the castle.
"How dare he," Hagrid growled as they passed the lake.  "How dare he accuse Dumbledore. As if Dumbledore would do something like that. Like Dumbledore wanted you to be in the tournament in first place. Worried! I don't know when I've seen Dumbledore more worried than him hasn’t been lately. And you!”  » Hagrid suddenly said angrily to Harry, who looked at him, surprised.  "What were you doing leaving with Ruddy Krum? He's from Durmstrang, Harry! They could have hexed you there, couldn't they? Moody didn't teach you anything? "Imagine let him attract you on his own - "
“Krum is fine!”  Harry said as they walked up the steps to the entrance hall.  "He wasn't trying to hurt me, he just wanted to talk about Hermione..."
"I'll have a few words with her and everything," Hagrid said darkly as he stomped up the stairs. "The less you have to deal with these strangers, the happier you will be. You can trust any of them."
"You got along well with Madame Maxime," Harry said annoyed.
“Don’t tell me about her!”  Hagrid said, and he looked quite scary for a moment.  "I have his number now! I'm trying to get some good books back, trying to get told what's happening in the future."th task.  Ha!  You can’t trust any of them!”
Hagrid was in such a bad mood that Harry was quite happy to say goodbye to him in front of the Fat Lady.  He climbed through the portrait hole into the common room and rushed straight to the corner where Ron and Hermione were sitting, to tell them what had happened.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE – THE DREAM

It comes down to this," Hermione said, rubbing her forehead. "Either Mr. Crouch attacked Viktor, or someone else attacked them both while Viktor wasn't looking."
"It must have been Crouch," Ron said immediately. "That's why he was gone when Harry and Dumbledore arrived. He was on an errand."
"I don't think so," Harry said, shaking his head.  "He seemed really weak – I don't think he was ready to apparate or anything."
"You can't apparate onto the grounds of Hogwarts, haven't I told you enough times?" Hermione said.
"Okay... how's that for a theory," Ron said enthusiastically.  “Krum attacked Crouch – no, wait – and then he got stunned!”
"And Mr. Crouch vanished, didn't he?" » said Hermione coldly.
"Oh yeah . . ."
It was daylight. Harry, Ron and Hermione had left their dormitory early and rushed together to the Aviary to send a note to Sirius.  Now they looked at the misty terrain.  All three of them had swollen and pale eyes from talking late at night about Mr. Crouch.
"Do it again, Harry," Hermione said.  "What did Mr. Crouch actually say?"
"I told you, he didn't make much sense," Harry said.  "He said he wanted to warn Dumbledore about something. He definitely mentioned Bertha Jorkins, and he seemed to think she was dead. He kept saying it was all his fault. . . . He his son mentioned."
"Well, it was his fault," Hermione said crossly.
“He was crazy,” Harry said.  "Half the time he seemed to think his wife and son were still alive, and he kept talking to Percy about work and giving him instructions."
"And...remind me what he said about You-Know-Who?" » Ron said shyly.
"I told you," Harry repeated dully.  “He said he was getting stronger.”
There was a pause.  Then Ron said in a falsely confident voice, "But he was crazy, like you said, so half of it was probably just delusion…."
"He was at his sanest when he was trying to talk about Voldemort," Harry said, and Ron winced at the sound of the name.  "He had a really hard time getting two words out, but that's when he seemed to know where he was and what he wanted to do. He kept saying he had to see Dumbledore."
Harry turned away from the window and looked up at the rafters.  The numerous perches were half empty; From time to time another owl would appear through one of the windows, returning from its nocturnal hunt with a mouse in its beak.
"If Snape hadn't held me back," Harry said bitterly, "we might have gotten there in time. 'The Headmaster is busy. Potter... what is this bullshit, Potter? '  Why couldn't he get out of the way?
“Maybe he didn’t want you to come!” » Ron said quickly.  “Maybe – wait – how quickly do you think he could have gone down into the forest?” Do you think he could have beaten you and Dumbledore there?
"Not unless he can turn into a bat or something," Harry said.
"He wouldn't mind," Ron muttered.
"We need to see Professor Moody," Hermione said.  &quot;We need to find out if he found Mr. Crouch,&quot;
"If he had the Marauder's Map with him, it would have been easy," Harry said.
"Unless Crouch is already out of bounds," said Ron, "because he only appears up to the boundary, don't –"
“Shh!” » Hermione said suddenly.
Someone was walking up the steps to the aviary.  Harry could hear two voices arguing, getting closer and closer.
"-this is blackmail, meaning we could get in a lot of trouble for this-"
"- we tried to be polite; it's time to play dirty, like him. He wouldn't want the Ministry of Magic to know what he did - "
“I’m telling you, if you put this in writing, it’s blackmail!”
"Yeah, and you won't complain if we get a nice reward, will you?"
The door to the Aviary opened suddenly. Fred and George crossed the threshold, then froze at the sight of Harry, Ron and Hermione.
" What are you doing here ?  » Ron and Fred said at the same time.
"I'm sending a letter," Harry and George said in unison.
“What, at this time?”  » said Hermione and Fred.
Fred smiled.
“Fine, we won’t ask you what you’re doing if you don’t ask us,” he said.
In his hands he held a sealed envelope.  Harry glanced at it, but Fred, whether accidentally or on purpose, moved his hand so that the name on it was hidden.
"Well, don't let us keep you," Fred said, bowing mockingly and pointing to the door.
Ron didn't move.  “Who are you blackmailing?” he said.
The smile disappeared from Fred's face. Harry saw George half a glance at Fred, before smiling at Ron.
"Don't be stupid, I was just joking," he said easily.
"It didn't look like that," Ron said.
Fred and George looked at each other.  Then Fred said abruptly, "I already told you, Ron, keep your nose out if you like the shape of it. I don't see why you would, but -"
“It’s my business if you blackmail anyone,” Ron said.  "George's right, you could get in serious trouble for this."
“I told you, I was joking,” George said.  He walked over to Fred, took the letter out of his hands and began tying it to the leg of the nearest barn owl.  "You're starting to look a bit like our dear older brother, that's true, Ron. Keep it up and you'll be made prefect."
“No, I won’t!” » Ron said warmly.
George carried the barn owl to the window and it flew away.  George turned and smiled at Ron.
"Well, stop telling people what to do then. See you later."
He and Fred left the Aviary.  Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at each other.
"You don't think they know anything about all this, do you?"  » Hermione whispered. “About Crouch and all?”
"No," Harry said.  "If it was something that serious, they would tell someone. They would tell Dumbledore."
Ron, however, looked uncomfortable.
"What is the problem?" Hermione asked him.
"GOOD. . ." Ron said slowly, "I don't know if they would." They're… they're obsessed with making money lately, I noticed it when I was hanging out with them – when – you know –
“We weren’t talking.” Harry finished the sentence for him. “Yeah, but blackmail…”
“It’s this joke shop idea they have,” Ron said.  "I thought they were just saying that to annoy mum, but they really mean it, they want to start one. They only have one year left at Hogwarts, they keep saying it's time to think their future, and Dad can't help them and they need gold to get started."
Hermione looked uncomfortable now.
"Yes, but... they wouldn't do anything against the law to get gold."
"Is not it ?" Ron said, looking skeptical.  "I don't know...they don't really mind breaking the rules, do they?"
"Yes, but it's the law," Hermione said, looking scared.  "It's not some stupid school rule. . . . They'll get more than just detention for blackmail! Ron. . . maybe you'd better tell Percy. . . ."
"Are you crazy?"  Ron said.  "Tell Percy? He'd probably do a squat and report them." He stared at the window that Fred and George's owl had gone out of, then said, "Come on, let's go get some breakfast."
"Do you think it's too early to go see Professor Moody?"  Hermione said as they walked down the spiral staircase.
"Yes," Harry said.  "He'll probably knock us out the door if we wake him up at dawn; he'll think we're trying to attack him while he's sleeping. Let's leave him until break."
The history of magic had rarely unfolded so slowly.  Harry continued to check Ron's watch, having finally thrown his own away, but Ron's was moving so slowly he could have sworn it had stopped working too.  All three were so tired that they could happily have laid their heads on the desks and slept; even Hermione wasn't taking her usual notes, but was sitting with her head in her hand, looking at Professor Binns with her unfocused eyes.
When the bell finally rang, they rushed into the corridors leading to the Dark Arts classroom and found Professor Moody leaving.  He looked as tired as they did.  The eyelid of his normal eye was drooping, making his face look even more lopsided than usual.
"Professor Moody?"  Harry called as they made their way through the crowd towards him.
"Hello, Potter," Moody grunted.  His magical eye followed a few first years as they passed at full speed, accelerating, looking nervous; it rolled into the back of Moody's head and he looked around the corner at them before speaking again.
"Come here."
He stepped back to let them into his empty classroom, limped after them and closed the door.
“Did you find it?”  » Harry asked without preamble.  "Mr. Crouch?"
"No," Moody said.  He walked over to his desk, sat down, stretched out his wooden leg with a slight groan, and took out his flask.
“Did you use the map?” » Harry said.
"Of course," Moody said, taking a sip from his flask. "I took a leaf from your book, Potter." I summoned him from my office in the forest. He was nowhere in there.
"So he apparated?"  Ron said.
"You can't apparate onto the field, Ron!" Hermione said. "There are other ways for it to disappear, aren't there, Professor?"
Moody's magical eye twitched as it rested on Hermione. "You're another person who might consider a career as an Auror," he told her.  "The mind works the right way. Granger."
Hermione blushed with pleasure.
"Well, he wasn't invisible," Harry said.  "The map shows invisible people. So he had to leave the place."
“But by his own means?”  said Hermione eagerly, "or because someone created it?"
"Yeah, someone could have... could have pulled him up on a broom and flown away with him, right?"  » Ron said quickly, looking at Moody hopefully as if he too wanted to be told that he had the makings of an Auror.
"We can't rule out kidnapping," Moody growled.
"SO," said Ron, "do you think he's somewhere in Hogsmeade?
"It could be anywhere," Moody said, shaking his head.  “The only thing we know for sure is that he’s not here.”
He yawned widely, so that his scars stretched and his lopsided mouth revealed a number of missing teeth.  Then he said, "Now, Dumbledore told me that you three fancy yourselves as investigators, but there's nothing you can do about Crouch. The Ministry will be looking for him now, Dumbledore has warned them. Potter, just keep your mind on the third." stain."
"What?" Harry said.  "Oh yeah . . ."
He hadn't thought about the maze since he left it with Krum the night before.
"This one should be right up your street," Moody said, looking up at Harry and scratching his scarred, bald chin.  "From what Dumbledore said, you have managed to overcome situations like this many times." You cleared a series of obstacles guarding the Sorcerer's Stone in your first year, didn't you?
"We helped," Ron said quickly.  "Hermione and I helped."
Moody smiled.
"Well, help him train for this one, and I'll be very surprised if he doesn't win," Moody said.  "In the meantime...constant vigilance, Potter." Constant vigilance.  He took another long drag from his flask and his magical eye swiveled towards the window.  The highest sail of the Durmstrang ship was visible through it.
"You two," Moody advised, his usual gaze on Ron and Hermione, "stay close to Potter, okay? I'll keep an eye on things, but still... you can never have too many eyes open." ".

Sirius sent their owl away the next morning.  He floated next to Harry just as a tawny owl landed in front of Hermione, holding a copy of the Daily Prophet in its beak.  She took the newspaper, looked through the first pages and said: “Ha! She hasn't heard of Crouch!  then he joined Ron and Harry to read what Sirius had to say about the mysterious events of the previous evening.

Harry, what do you think you're playing while walking in the forest with Viktor Krum?  I want you to swear, in return, that you won't go walking with anyone else at night.  There is someone very dangerous at Hogwarts.  It's clear to me that they wanted to keep Crouch from seeing Dumbledore and you were probably just a few feet away from them in the dark.  You could have been killed.
Your name did not enter the Goblet of Fire by chance.  If someone tries to attack you, this is their last chance.  Stay close to Ron and Hermione, don't leave Gryffindor Tower after hours, and arm yourself for the third task.  Practice stunning and disarming.  A few hexes wouldn't hurt either.  There's nothing you can do about Crouch.  Keep your head down and take care of yourself.  I am waiting for your letter giving me your word that you will no longer go out of bounds.
				Sirius

“Who is he, to lecture me about being out of line?”  Harry said with slight indignation as he folded Sirius' letter and put it in his robes.  “After everything he did at school!”
“He’s worried about you!”  » said Hermione sharply.  "Just like Moody and Hagrid! So listen to them!"
“No one tried to attack me all year,” Harry said. "No one did anything to me 
all-"
"Except you put your name in the Goblet of Fire," Hermione said.  "And they must have done this for a reason. Harry. Snuffles is right. Maybe they were biding their time. Maybe this is the task they're going to give you."
"Look," Harry said impatiently, "let's say Sirius is right and someone stunned Krum into kidnapping Crouch. Well, they would have been in the trees near us, wouldn't they? But they waited until I was out of the area until they acted, right? So it wouldn't seem like I'm their target, would it?
“They couldn’t have made it look like an accident if they had murdered you in the forest!” Hermione said.  "But if you die during a task-"
"They didn't care about attacking Krum, did they?"  Harry said.  "Why didn't they just polish me off at the same time? They could have made it look like Krum and I had a duel or something."
"Harry, I don't understand either," Hermione said desperately.  "I just know there's a lot of strange stuff going on, and I don't like it. ... Moody is right - Sirius is right - you need to train for the third task immediately. And you make sure to answer Sirius and promise him that you won't run away alone again.

The grounds of Hogwarts were never more welcoming than when Harry had to stay inside. The next few days he spent all his free time either in the library with Hermione and Ron, researching spells, or in empty classrooms, which they would sneak into to practice.  Harry focused on the stunning spell, which he had never used before.  The problem was that practicing it involved certain sacrifices on the part of Ron and Hermione.
“Can’t we kidnap Mrs. Norris?” Ron suggested Monday lunchtime while lying on his back in the middle of the day.their Charms class, having just been knocked out and woken up by Harry for the fifth time in a row.  "Let's stun her a bit. Or you could use Dobby, Harry, I bet he'd do anything to help you. I'm not complaining or anything" - he stood up carefully, rubbing himself the buttocks - "but I hurt everywhere..."
“Well, you still miss the cushions, don’t you!”  Hermione said impatiently, rearranging the pile of cushions they had used for the banishing spell, which Flitwick had left in a cupboard.  “Just try to fall back!”
"Once you're stunned, you can't aim well, Hermione!" Ron said angrily.  “Why don’t you take your turn?”
"Well, I think Harry gets it now, anyway," Hermione said hastily.  "And we don't have to worry about disarming, because he's been able to do that for ages. ...I think we should start on some of those spells tonight."
She looked through the list they had made at the library.
"I like the look of this one," she said, "this preventing spell. It should slow down anything that tries to attack you. Harry. We'll start with that one."
The bell rang. They hurriedly placed the cushions back in Flitwick's closet and left the classroom.
“See you at dinner!”  » Hermione said, and left for Arithmancy, while Harry and Ron headed towards the North Tower and Divination.  Wide swaths of dazzling golden light stream across the corridor from the high windows.  The sky outside was such a bright blue it looked like it had been glazed.
"It's going to boil in Trelawney's room, she never puts out that fire," Ron said as they walked up the stairs towards the silver ladder and trap door.
He was absolutely right.  It was stiflingly hot in the dimly lit room.  The smoke from the fragrant fire was heavier than ever.  Harry's head turned as he walked towards one of the curtained windows.  While Professor Trelawney looked the other way, untangling his shawl from a lamp, he opened it about an inch and settled himself into his chintz chair, so that a gentle breeze played on his face . It was extremely comfortable.
“My dears,” said Professor Trelawney, sitting down in his wingback chair at the front of the class and looking around at them all with his strangely widened eyes, “we have almost completed our work on planetary divination. Today, however, this will be a great opportunity to look at the effects of Mars, as it is very interestingly located at the moment If you all look over here, I'm going to dim the lights.
She waved her wand and the lamps went out.  Fire was now the only source of light.  Professor Trelawney bent down and lifted, from under his chair, a miniature model of the solar system, contained in a glass dome.  It was a magnificent thing; each of the moons shone around the nine planets and the fiery sun, all suspended in the air beneath the glass.  Harry watched idly as Professor Trelawney began to point out the fascinating angle Mars formed with Neptune.  The strongly scented vapors invaded him and the breeze coming from the window played on his face.  He could hear an insect buzzing softly somewhere behind the curtain.  His eyelids began to droop. . . .
He rode on the back of an eagle owl and soared through the clear blue sky toward an old ivy-covered house high on a hill.  They flew lower and lower, the wind blowing pleasantly in Harry's face, until they reached a dark, broken window on the upper floor of the house and entered.  Now they were flying down a dark corridor, until they reached a room at the far end. . . they passed through the door and entered a dark room whose windows were boarded up...
Harry had left the owl's back...he was watching it now, as it flew across the room, onto a chair with its back to him. . . . There were two dark shapes on the floor next to the chair. . . both were moving. . . .
One of them was a huge snake. . . the other was a man... a little bald man, a man with watery eyes and a sharp nose... he was wheezing and sobbing on the hearth rug. . . .
"You're lucky, Wormtail," said a cold, sharp voice coming from the depths of the chair in which the owl had landed.  "You're really lucky. Your blunder didn't ruin everything. He's dead."
"My lord!" the man on the ground gasped.  “My Lord, I am… I am so happy… and I am so sorry….”
"Nagini," said the cold voice, "you're out of luck. I won't feed you Wormtail, after all... but too bad, too bad... there's always Harry Potter... ."
The snake hissed. Harry could see his tongue fluttering.
"Now, Wormtail," said the cold voice, "perhaps a little extra reminder why I won't tolerate another mistake from you…."
"My Lord...no...I beg you..."
The tip of a wand emerged from the back of the chair.  He pointed at Wormtail.
“Crucio! » said the cold voice.
Wormtail screamed, screamed as if every nerve in his body was on fire, the screams filling Harry's ears as the scaron his forehead burned with pain; he was screaming too… Voldemort would hear him, know he was there. . . .
"Harry! Harry!"
Harry opened his eyes.  He was lying on the floor of Professor Trelawney's room with his hands on his face.  His scar was still so hot that his eyes watered.  The pain was real.  The whole class was standing around him, and Ron was kneeling next to him, looking terrified.
"How are you?" he said.
"Of course not !" Professor Trelawney said, looking very excited.  Her wide eyes landed on Harry, looking at him.  "What was that. Potter? A premonition? An apparition? What did you see?"
"Nothing," Harry lied.  He sat down.  He felt himself shaking.  He couldn't help but look around, into the shadows behind him; Voldemort's voice sounded so close. . . .
“You were holding your scar!”  said Professor Trelawney.  "You were rolling on the ground, clutching your scar! Come now. Potter, I have experience with this!"
Harry looked at her.
“I need to go to the infirmary, I think,” he said.  “Bad headache.”
“My dear, you were undoubtedly stimulated by the extraordinary clairvoyant vibrations in my room!”  said Professor Trelawney.  “If you leave now, you risk losing the opportunity to see further than ever before -”
"I don't want to see anything except a cure for headaches," Harry said.
He got up.  The class backed away.  They all looked taken aback.
"See you later," Harry muttered to Ron, and picked up his bag and headed towards the trapdoor, ignoring Professor Trelawney, who wore an expression of great frustration, as if he had just been denied a real treat.
However, when Harry reached the bottom of his stepladder, he did not head towards the hospital wing.  He had no intention of going there.  Sirius had told him what to do if his scar hurt him again, and Harry was going to follow his advice: he was going straight to Dumbledore's office.  He walked down the halls thinking about what he had seen in his dream. . . it had been as sharp as the one that had woken him on Privet Drive. . . . He went over the details in his mind, trying to make sure he could remember them. . . . He had heard Voldemort accuse Wormtail of having made a mistake. . . but the owl had brought good news, the blunder had been corrected, someone had died... so Wormtail was not going to be fed to the snake. . . he, Harry, was going to feed on it instead. . . .
Harry had walked past the stone gargoyle guarding the entrance to Dumbledore's office without noticing it.  He blinked, looked around, realized what he had done and retraced his steps, stopping in front.  Then he remembered that he didn't know the password.
" Lemon sorbet ? he tried hesitantly.
The gargoyle didn't move.
"Okay," Harry said, looking at him, "Pear Drop. Um - Licorice Wand. Fizzing Whizbee. Drooble's Best Gum. Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Beans... oh no, he doesn't don't like it, don't you?.. oh, just open, won't you? he said angrily. "I really need to see him, it's urgent!"
The gargoyle remained motionless.
Harry kicked it, getting nothing but excruciating pain in his big toe.
“Chocolate Frog!”  » he shouted angrily, standing on one leg. “Sugar Quill! Cockroach cluster! »
The gargoyle came to life and jumped aside.  Harry blinked.
“Cockroach cluster?” he said, surprised.  “I was just joking...”
He rushed through the gap in the walls and up to the base of a spiral stone staircase, which rose slowly as the doors closed behind him, leading him to a polished oak door with a brass knocker .
He could hear voices inside the office. He got off the moving staircase and hesitated, listening.
"Dumbledore, I'm afraid I don't see the connection, I don't see it at all!"  It was the voice of the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge.  "Ludo says that Bertha is perfectly capable of getting lost. I agree that we would have expected to have found her by now, but still, we have no evidence of foul play, Dumbledore, none of the everything. As for the fact that his disappearance is linked to that of Barty Crouch!
"And what do you think happened to Barty Crouch, Minister?"  » said Moody's growling voice.
"I see two possibilities, Alastor," Fudge said.  "Either Crouch finally snapped - more than likely, I'm sure you'll agree, given his personal history - he lost his mind and went wandering somewhere -"
"He wandered extremely fast, if that is the case, Cornelius," Dumbledore said calmly.
"Or – well…" Fudge looked embarrassed.  "Well, I'll reserve judgment until I see where he was found, but you're saying it was right after Beauxbatons' car? Dumbledore, do you know what that woman is? ?”
"I consider her a very competent headmistress – and an excellent dancer," Dumbledore said softly.
"Dumbledore, come on!"  Fudge said angrily.  "Don't you think you might be biased in his favor because of Hagrid? They don't all turn out to be harmless - yes,indeed, you could call Hagrid harmless, with this monstrous fixation he has...”
"I suspect Madame Maxime no more than Hagrid," Dumbledore said, just as calmly.  "I think it's possible that you're the one who's prejudiced, Cornelius."
“Can we conclude this discussion?” Moody growled.
"Yes, yes, let's go down to the field, then," Fudge said impatiently.
"No, it's not that," said Moody, "it's just that Potter wants to talk to you, Dumbledore. He's right outside the door."

CHAPTER THIRTY - THE THINKING 

The office door opened. 
"Hello, Potter," Moody said. “Come in then.”
Harry entered.  He had entered Dumbledore's office once before; it was a very beautiful circular room, lined with photos of the former headmasters and headmistresses of Hogwarts, all of whom were sound asleep, their chests rising and falling gently.
Cornelius Fudge stood next to Dumbledore's desk, wearing his usual pinstriped cloak and holding his lime green bowler hat.
“Harry! » Fudge said jovially as he walked forward.  "How are you doing?"
"Fine," Harry lied.
“We were just talking about the night Mr. Crouch came onto the field,” Fudge said.  “You’re the one who found it, aren’t you?”
"Yes," Harry said.  Then, believing that it was useless to pretend that he had not heard what they were saying, he added: "But I have not seen Madame Maxime anywhere and she would have a job to hide, is it not isn't it?
Dumbledore smiled at Harry behind Fudge's back, his eyes sparkling.
"Yes, well," said Fudge, looking embarrassed, "we're about to go for a little walk around the grounds, Harry, if you'll excuse us... maybe if you just go back to class -"
"I wanted to speak to you. Professor," Harry said quickly, looking at Dumbledore, who gave him a quick, inquisitive look.
"Wait for me here, Harry," he said.  “Our review of motives will not take long.”
They went out in silence before him and closed the door.  After about a minute, Harry heard the sounds of Moody's wooden leg weakening in the hallway below.  He looked around.
"Hello, Fawkes," he said.
Fawkes, Professor Dumbledore's phoenix, stood on his golden perch next to the door.  About the size of a swan, with magnificent scarlet and gold plumage, it wagged its long tail and blinked sympathetically at Harry.
Harry sat down in a chair in front of Dumbledore's desk.  For several minutes he sat and watched the former headmasters and headmistresses doze in their frames, thinking about what he had just heard and running his fingers over his scar.  It had stopped hurting now.
He felt much calmer, somehow, now that he was in Dumbledore's office, knowing that he would soon tell him about his dream.  Harry looked up at the walls behind the desk.  The patched and tattered Sorting Hat sat on a shelf.  A nearby display case held a magnificent silver sword with large rubies embedded in the hilt, which Harry recognized as the one he himself had removed from the Sorting Hat during his second year.  The sword once belonged to Godric Gryffindor, founder of the House of Harry.  He was looking at it, remembering how he had come to his aid when he thought all hope was lost, when he noticed a spot of silver light, dancing and sparkling on the window.  He looked around for the source of light and saw a silver-white flash shining brightly coming from a black cabinet behind him, the door of which had not been closed properly.  Harry hesitated, glanced at Fawkes, then stood up, crossed the office and opened the cupboard door.
A shallow stone pool sat there, with strange carvings around it: runes and symbols that Harry didn't recognize.  Silver light came from the contents of the pool, which were unlike anything Harry had ever seen before.  He couldn't tell if the substance was liquid or gas.  It was a bright, whitish silver, and it moved constantly; its surface ruffled like water in the wind, then, like clouds, parted and swirled gently. It looked like light made liquid – or wind made solid – Harry couldn't decide.
He wanted to touch it, to find out what it felt like, but nearly four years of experience in the magical world had taught him that putting his hand in a bowl filled with an unknown substance was a very stupid thing to do.  So he took his wand out from inside his robes, glanced nervously around the desk, looked at the contents of the basin and pushed it.
The silver surface inside the pool began to swirl very quickly.
Harry leaned closer, his head just inside the cupboard.  The silvery substance had become transparent; It looked like glass.  He looked down, expecting to see the stone bottom of the pool - and instead saw a huge room beneath the surface of the mysterious substance, a room that he seemed to be looking into through a circular window in the ceiling.
The room was dimly lit; he even thought it might be underground, because there were no windows, just torches in Brac.gifts like those that lit up the walls of Hogwarts. Lowering his face so that his nose was only a few inches from the glassy substance, Harry saw that rows and rows of witches and wizards were sitting around each wall on what appeared to be benches rising upwards. levels.  An empty chair sat in the center of the room.  There was something about the chair that gave Harry an unsettling feeling.  Chains encircled its arms, as if its occupants were habitually attached to them.
Where was this place?  It certainly wasn't Hogwarts; he had never seen a room like this here in the castle.  Besides, the crowd in the mysterious room at the bottom of the pool was made up of adults, and Harry knew there weren't that many teachers at Hogwarts. They seemed, he thought, to be waiting for something; even though he could only see the tops of their hats, all their faces seemed to point in the same direction, and none of them spoke to each other.
The pool being circular, and the room he was looking at square, Harry couldn't make out what was going on in the corners.  He leaned even closer, tilting his head, trying to see...
The tip of his nose touched the strange substance he was looking into.
Dumbledore's office gave an almighty jolt – Harry was thrown forward and thrown headfirst into the substance inside the pool –
But his head did not touch the bottom of the stone.  He was falling through something icy and black; it was like being sucked into a dark whirlpool -
And suddenly Harry found himself sitting on a bench at the back of the room inside the pool, a bench raised above the others.  He looked up at the high stone ceiling, expecting to see the circular window he had just looked through, but there was nothing there but dark, solid stone.
Breathe hard and fast.  Harry looked around.  None of the wizards and witches in the room (and there were at least two hundred) looked at him.  None of them seemed to have noticed that a fourteen-year-old boy had just fallen from the ceiling into their midst.  Harry turned to the wizard next to him on the bench and let out a loud cry of surprise that echoed through the silent room.
He was sitting right next to Albus Dumbledore.
"Teacher!" » Harry said in a sort of strangled whisper.  “I’m sorry – I didn’t mean to do it – I was just looking at that sink in your closet – I – where are we? »
But Dumbledore didn't move or speak.  He completely ignored Harry.  Like all the other wizards on the benches, he was staring at the far corner of the room, where there was a door.
Harry looked perplexed at Dumbledore, then at the silently vigilant crowd, then back at Dumbledore.  And then it occurred to him. . . .
Once before. Harry had found himself somewhere where no one could see or hear him. This time, he had fallen through a page of an enchanted journal, straight into someone else's memory. . . and unless he was mistaken, something similar had happened again...
Harry raised his right hand, hesitated, then waved it vigorously in Dumbledore's face.  Dumbledore didn't blink, didn't look around at Harry, and didn't even move at all. And that, in Harry's opinion, solved the problem.  Dumbledore wouldn't ignore him like that.  He was in a memory, and he wasn't the Dumbledore of today.  Still, it couldn't have been that long ago. . . The Dumbledore sitting next to him now had silver hair, just like the Dumbledore of today.  But what was this place?  What were all these wizards waiting for?
Harry looked around more carefully.  The room, as he had suspected from above, was almost certainly underground – more of a dungeon than a room, he thought. There was a dark and menacing air about the place; there were no pictures on the walls, no decoration; just these tight rows of benches, rising all around the room, all positioned so as to have a clear view of this chair with the chains on its arms.
Before Harry could draw any conclusions about where they were, he heard footsteps.  The door in the corner of the dungeon opened and three people entered – or at least one man, flanked by two dementors.
Harry's insides went cold.  The dementors—large, hooded creatures whose faces were hidden—slid slowly toward the chair in the center of the room, each grabbing one of the man's arms with their dead, rotting hands.  The man between them looked like he was about to pass out, and Harry couldn't blame him...he knew the dementors couldn't touch him in a memory, but he remembered their memory all too well. power.  The watching crowd backed away slightly as the dementors placed the man in the chained chair and exited the room.  The door closed behind them.
Harry looked down at the man now sitting in the chair and saw that it was Karkaroff.
Unlike Dumbledore, Karkaroff looked much younger; his hair and goatee were black. He was nnot dressed in elegant furs, but in thin, tattered robes.  He was trembling.  Even as Harry watched, the chains on the armrests of the chair suddenly turned gold and snaked up Karkaroff's arms, tying him there.
"Igor Karkaroff," said a curt voice to Harry's left.  Harry looked around and saw Mr. Crouch standing in the middle of the bench next to him.  Crouch's hair was dark, his face was much less lined, he looked fit and alert.  "You were brought from Azkaban to present evidence to the Ministry of Magic. You made it clear to us that you had important information for us."
Karkaroff sat up as best he could, tightly attached to the chair.
"Yes, sir," he said, and although his voice was very frightened, Harry could still hear the familiar creamy note in it.  "I wish to be of service to the Ministry. I wish to help. I – I know the Ministry is trying to – round up the remaining supporters of the Dark Lords. I am eager to help in any way I can. . .."
There was a murmur around the benches.  Some wizards and witches observed Karkaroff with interest, others with pronounced suspicion.  Then Harry heard, very distinctly, from Dumbledore's other side, a familiar, growling voice saying "Dirt."
Harry leaned forward so he could see past Dumbledore.  Mad-Eye Moody sat there – except there was a very noticeable difference in his appearance.  He didn't have his magic eye, but two normal eyes.  Both despised Karkaroff, and both were shrunk by intense dislike.
"Crouch will let him out," Moody whispered softly to Dumbledore.  "He made a deal with him. It took me six months to find him, and Crouch will let him go if he gets enough new names. Let's listen to his information, I said, and send him straight to the Dementors ."
Dumbledore made a small noise of dissent through his long crooked nose.
"Ah, I forgot… you don't like Dementors, do you, Albus?" » said Moody with a sardonic smile.
"No," Dumbledore said calmly, "I'm afraid not. I have long thought that the Ministry was wrong to ally itself with such creatures."
"But for filth like this..." Moody said softly.
“You say you have names for us, Karkaroff,” said Mr. Crouch. “Let’s listen to them, please.”
“You must understand,” said Karkaroff hastily, “that He-Whose-Name-Must-Not-Be-Pronounced always operated in the greatest secrecy. . . . He preferred us – I mean, his supporters – and I regret that now. , very deeply, that I have always counted myself among them -"
"Keep going," Moody sneered.
"- we never knew the names of each of our comrades - Only he knew exactly who we all were -"
"Which was a wise decision, wasn't it, because it stopped someone like you, Karkaroff, from turning them all in," Moody muttered.
“Yet you say you have names to give us?” said Mr. Crouch.
“I – I do,” Karkaroff said breathlessly.  "And they were important supporters, mind you. People who I saw with my own eyes do what he wanted. I give this information as a sign that I fully and totally renounce him, and that I am filled with remorse so deep that I can barely -"
“These names are?” » said Mr. Crouch abruptly.
Karkaroff took a deep breath.
“There was Antonin Dolohov,” he said.  "I – I saw him torture countless Muggles and – and non-followers of the Dark Lord."
"And I helped him do it," Moody murmured.
“We have already apprehended Dolohov,” Crouch said.  “He was arrested shortly after you.”
"Indeed?" » Karkaroff said, his eyes wide.  “I – I’m glad to hear it!”
But it didn't seem like it.  Harry could tell that this news was a real blow to him. One of his names was worthless.
“Are there others?”  » said Crouch coldly.
“Well, yes... there was Rosier,” Karkaroff said hurriedly. “Evan Rosier.”
“Rosier is dead,” said Crouch.  "He was caught shortly after you too. He preferred to fight rather than come quietly and was killed in the struggle."
"But he took a bit of me with him," Moody whispered to Harry's right. Harry looked around once more and saw him pointing to Dumbledore at the large chunk of his nose.
“No, no more than Rosier deserved!”  » Karkaroff said, with a real note of panic in his voice now. Harry could see that he was starting to worry that none of his information would be of any use to the Ministry. Karkaroff's eyes turned to the door in the corner, behind which the dementors no doubt still stood waiting.
"More?"  » said Crouch.
"Yes!"  Karkaroff said.  "There was Travers - he helped assassinate the McKinnons! Mulciber - he specialized in the Imperius Curse, forced countless people to do horrible things! Rookwood, who was a spy, and passed on information useful to He-whose-name-must-not-be-spoken from within the ministry itself!”
Harry could tell that this time Karkaroff had struck gold. The crowd watching murmured together.
“Rookwood? » said Mr. Crouch, nodding to a witch sitting in front of him, who began to scribble on her piece of parchment.  "Augustus Rookwood of the Departmentmysteries? »
“It’s exactly the same thing,” Karkaroff said eagerly.  "I believe he used a network of well-placed wizards, both inside and outside the Ministry, to gather information -"
“But we have Travers and Mulciber,” Mr Crouch said.  "Very well, Karkaroff, if that is all, you will be sent back to Azkaban while we decide -"
"Not yet!" cried Karkaroff, looking utterly desperate. “Wait, I have more!”
Harry could see him sweating in the torchlight, his white skin contrasting sharply with the black of his hair and beard.
“Snape! " He shouted. "Severus Snape!"
"Snape has been exonerated by this council," Crouch said dismissively.  "It was guaranteed by Albus Dumbledore."
"No!"  Karkaroff shouted, holding out the chains that tied him to the chair.  "I assure you! Severus Snape is a Death Eater!"
Dumbledore stood up.
“I’ve already testified about this,” he said calmly.  "Severus Snape was indeed a Death Eater. However, he joined our side before the fall of Lord Voldemort and became a spy for us, at great personal risk. He is now no more a Death Eater than I am."
Harry turned to look at Mad-Eye Moody. He wore an air of deep skepticism behind Dumbledore's back.
"Very well, Karkaroff," Crouch said coldly, "you have been useful to me. I will review your case. You will return to Azkaban in the meantime...."
Mr. Crouch's voice faded.  Harry looked around; the dungeon dissolved as if it were made of smoke; everything was fading; he could only see his own body – everything else was swirling darkness. . . .
And then, the dungeon came back.  Harry was sitting in another seat, still on the highest bench, but now to Mr. Crouch's left.  The atmosphere seemed very different: relaxed, even joyful.  The witches and wizards all around the walls were talking among themselves, almost as if they were watching some sort of sporting event.  Harry noticed a witch halfway up the rows of benches opposite.  She had short blonde hair, wore a magenta dress, and was sucking the tip of an acid green feather.  It was undoubtedly a young Rita Skeeter.  Harry looked around; Dumbledore was sitting next to him again, wearing different robes.  Mr. Crouch looked more tired and somehow more ferocious, gaunt. . . . Harry understood. It was another memory, another day... another ordeal.
The corner door opened and Ludo Bagman entered the room.
However, it was not a question of Ludo Bagman starting at the top of the seed, but of Ludo Bagman who was clearly at the peak of his physical form to play Quidditch.  His nose was no longer broken now; he was tall, thin and muscular.  Bagman looked nervous as he sat down in the chained chair, but that didn't keep him there like it had bound Karkaroff, and Bagman, perhaps reassured by that, glanced around the room. crowd watching them, greeted a few of them and managed to do so. a little smile.
"Ludo Bagman, you have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law to answer charges relating to Death Eater activities," Mr. Crouch said.  "We have heard the evidence against you and are about to render our verdict. Do you have anything to add to your testimony before we pass judgment?"
Harry couldn't believe his ears. Ludo Bagman, a Death Eater?
“Only,” said Bagman, smiling awkwardly, “well, I know I was a bit of an idiot –”
One or two wizards and witches sitting in the surrounding seats smiled indulgently.  Mr. Crouch did not seem to share their feelings.  He looked at Ludo Bagman with an expression of the greatest severity and dislike.
"You never spoke a truer word, my boy," someone muttered dryly to Dumbledore from behind Harry.  He looked around and saw Moody sitting there again.  "If I didn't know he'd always been weak, I would have said some of those Bludgers had permanently affected his brain...."
"Ludovic Bagman, you have been caught passing information to Lord Voldemort's followers," Mr. Crouch said.  "For this, I suggest a sentence of imprisonment in Azkaban for a term of at least -"
But there was an angry outcry from the surrounding benches.  Several wizards and witches around the walls stood up, shaking their heads, and even their fists, at Mr. Crouch.
“But I told you, I had no idea!”  Bagman called earnestly over the chatter of the crowd, his round blue eyes widening.  "None at all! Old Rookwood was a friend of my father's... I never thought he was with You-Know-Who! I thought I was collecting information for our camp! And Rookwood kept not talking about getting a job in the Ministry later... once my Quidditch days are over, you know... I mean, I can't keep getting hit by Bludgers for the rest of my life. life, right?
There was laughter from the crowd.
“It will be put to the vote,” said Mr. Crouch coldly.  He turned towards the right side of the dungeon.  "The jurors will please raise their hands...those who are in favor of imprisonment..."
Harry looked towards the right side of the dungeon.  No one raised their hand.  Lots of witches and wizards aroundand the walls began to slam.  One of the witches on the jury stood up.
"Yes?" Crouch barked.
"We would just like to congratulate Mr. Bagman on his splendid performance for England in the Quidditch match against Turkey last Saturday," the witch said breathlessly.
Mr Crouch looked furious.  The dungeon now resounded with applause.  Bagman stood and bowed, beaming.
"Detestable," Mr. Crouch spat at Dumbledore, sitting down as Bagman walked out of the dungeon.  "Rookwood does indeed find him a job. . . . The day Ludo Bagman joins us will be a sad day for the ministry. . . ."
And the dungeon dissolved again.  When he returned, Harry looked around.  He and Dumbledore were still sitting next to Mr. Crouch, but the atmosphere couldn't have been more different.  There was complete silence, broken only by the dry sobs of a frail, wispy witch sitting next to Mr. Crouch.  She held a tissue to her mouth with trembling hands.
Harry looked up at Crouch and saw that he looked thinner and grayer than ever.  A nerve trembled in his temple.
“Bring them,” he said, and his voice echoed through the silent dungeon.
The door in the corner opened again.  Six dementors entered this time, flanking a group of four people.  Harry saw the people in the crowd turn towards Mr. Crouch.  A few of them spoke to each other in low voices.
The dementors placed each of the four people on the four chairs with chained arms that were now on the floor of the dungeon.  There was a stocky man looking at Crouch blankly; a thinner and more nervous man, whose eyes roamed the crowd; a woman with thick, shiny black hair and heavily hooded eyes, who sat on the chained chair as if it were a throne; and a boy in his late teens, who looked simply petrified.  He was shivering, his straw-colored hair all over his face, his freckled skin a milky white.  The little wispy witch next to Crouch began rocking back and forth in her seat, moaning into her handkerchief.
Crouch stood up.  He looked down on the four in front of him, and there was pure hatred on his face.
"You have been brought here before the Council of Magical Law," he said plainly, "so that we may try you for such a heinous crime -"
“Father,” said the boy with straw-colored hair. “Father... please...
"-that we have rarely heard such a thing in this court," Crouch said, speaking louder, drowning out his son's voice.
"We have heard the evidence against you. The four of you are accused of capturing an Auror - Frank Longbottom - and subjecting him to the Cruciatus Curse, believing that he knew the current whereabouts of your exiled master, He- who-must. -Not-be-named-"
"Father, I didn't do it!"  shouted the chained boy below.  "I didn't do it, I swear. Father, don't send me back to the Dementors -"
"You are further accused," Mr. Crouch yelled, "of using the Cruciatus Curse on Frank Longbottom's wife, when he would not give you information. You planned to restore He Whose -Must-Not-Speak-The-Name-of-Power, and to return to the life of violence that you probably led while strong, I now ask the jury - "
"Mother!" the boy below shouted, and the little wispy witch next to Crouch began to sob, rocking back and forth.  "Mother, stop him. Mother, I didn't do it, it wasn't me!"
“I now ask the jury,” Mr. Crouch shouted, “to raise their hands if they believe, as I do, that these crimes deserve a life sentence in Azkaban!”
In unison, the witches and wizards on the right side of the dungeon raised their hands.  The crowd around the walls began to applaud as they had for Bagman, their faces full of wild triumph.  The boy started to scream.
"No! Mother, no! I didn't, I didn't, I didn't know! Don't send me there, don't leave him!"
The dementors returned to the room.  The boys' three companions rose quietly from their seats; The heavy-eyed woman looked up at Crouch and called, "The Dark Lord will rise again, Crouch! Throw us into Azkaban; we will wait! He
will rise up and come for us, he will reward us more than any of his other followers!  Only we were faithful!  Only we tried to find him! »
But the boy was trying to fight the dementors, even though Harry could see their cold, draining power beginning to affect him.  The crowd jeered, some standing, as the woman walked out of the dungeon and the boy continued to struggle.
"I am your son!" » he shouted to Crouch. "I am your son!"
“You are not my son!” » bellowed Mr. Crouch, his eyes suddenly bulging.  “I don’t have a son!”
The wispy witch next to him let out a loud scream and collapsed in her seat.  She had fainted.  Crouch didn't seem to notice.
“Take them away!” Crouch roared at the dementors, spit flying from his mouth.  “Take them away, and let them rot there!”
"Father! Father, I wasn't involved! No! No! Father, please!"
"I think so. Harry, it's time to"Go back to my office," a calm voice said in Harry's ear.
Harry began.  He looked around.  Then he looked the other way.
There was an Albus Dumbledore sitting to his right, watching Crouch's son being dragged away by the dementors - and there was an Albus Dumbledore to his left, looking him straight in the eye.
"Come on," said the Dumbledore to his left, and put his hand under Harry's elbow. Harry felt himself rise into the air; the dungeon dissolved around him; for a moment everything was black, then he felt like he had done a somersault in slow motion, suddenly landing flat on his feet in what seemed to be the dazzling light of Dumbledore's sunny office.  The stone basin gleamed in the cabinet before him, and Albus Dumbledore stood next to him.
"Professor," Harry panted, "I know I shouldn't have - I didn't mean - the cupboard door was sort of open and -"
"I completely understand," Dumbledore said.  He lifted the basin, carried it to his desk, placed it on the polished top, and sat down in the chair behind it.  He gestured for Harry to sit across from him.
Harry did so, staring at the stone pool.  The contents had returned to their original state, silvery white, swirling and undulating under his gaze.
"What is this?" » Harry asked shakily.
"That? It's called a Pensieve," Dumbledore said.  "I find sometimes, and I'm sure you know this feeling, that I just have too many thoughts and memories crammed into my mind."
"Um," said Harry, who couldn't honestly say he'd ever felt anything like that.
"At times like these," Dumbledore said, pointing to the stone basin, "I use the Pensieve. One simply siphons excess thoughts from one's mind, pours them into the basin and examines them at one's leisure. It becomes easier to spot patterns and trends, you know, when they're in that form."
“You mean...these are your thoughts?”  Harry said, staring at the swirling white substance in the pool.
"Certainly," said Dumbledore. “Let me show you.”
Dumbledore drew his wand from inside his robes and placed the tip in his own silver hair, near his temple.  When he removed the wand, hair seemed to be clinging to it – but then Harry saw that it was actually a glistening strand of the same strange silver-white substance that filled the Pensieve.  Dumbledore added this new thought to the bowl, and Harry, amazed, saw his own face swimming around the surface of the bowl.  Dumbledore placed his long hands on either side of the pensieve and twirled it, much like a gold prospector would look for fragments of gold... and Harry saw his own face slowly transform into that of Snape, who opened the pensieve. mouth and spoke to the ceiling. , his voice resonates slightly.
"It's coming back... Karkaroff too... stronger and clearer than ever..."
"A connection I could have made without help," Dumbledore sighed, "but too bad."  He looked over his half-moon glasses at Harry, who was gaping at Snape's face, which continued to swirl around the bowl.  “I was using the Pensieve when Mr. Fudge arrived at our meeting and I put it away rather hastily. Without a doubt, I didn't close the closet door properly. Naturally, that would have caught your attention.
"I'm sorry," Harry muttered.
Dumbledore shook his head.  “Curiosity is not a sin,” he said. "But we must be careful with our curiosity... yes, indeed..."
Frowning slightly, he pushed the thoughts into the pool with the tip of his wand. Immediately, a figure came out, a chubby, sullen girl of about sixteen, who began to turn slowly, her feet still in the pool.  She paid no attention to Harry or Professor Dumbledore.  When she spoke, her voice sounded like Snape's, as if coming from the depths of the stone pool.  "He cast a spell on me, Professor Dumbledore, and I
I was only teasing him, sir, I only said that I saw him kiss Florence behind the greenhouses last Thursday. . . ".
"But why. Bertha," Dumbledore said sadly, looking up at the girl who was now spinning silently, "why did you have to follow him in the first place?"
“Berthe?” » Harry whispered, looking at her.  “Was that Bertha Jorkins?”
"Yes," Dumbledore said, stirring the thoughts in the pool again; Bertha immersed herself in them again and they became silvery and opaque again.  “It was Bertha as I remember her from school.”
The silver light of the Pensieve illuminated Dumbledore's face, and Harry was suddenly struck by the fact that he looked very old.  He knew, of course, that Dumbledore was getting older, but somehow he had never really thought of Dumbledore as an old man.
"So, Harry," Dumbledore said softly. “Before you get lost in my thoughts, you wanted to tell me something.”
"Yes," Harry said. “Professor… I was in Divination earlier, and… uh… I fell asleep.”
He hesitated, wondering if a reprimand was coming, but Dumbledore simply said, "Quite understandable." Continue.
"Well, I had a dream," Harry said.  "AnnouncementI'm talking about Lord Voldemort.  He was torturing Wormtail. . . you know who Wormtail-"
"I know," Dumbledore said promptly.  "Please continue."
"Voldemort received a letter from an owl. He said something like, Wormtail's mistake had been fixed. He said someone had died. Then he said, Wormtail wouldn't give the snake food - there was a snake next to his chair He said - he said he would give me something to eat,
instead.  Then he cast the Cruciatus Curse on Wormtail – and my scar hurt,” Harry said. “It woke me up, it hurt so much.”
Dumbledore just looked at him.
"Um, that's all," Harry said.
"I see," Dumbledore said softly. "I see. Now, has your scar hurt you at any other time this year, except for when it woke you up during the summer?"
“No, I… how do you know it woke me up over the summer?” » said Harry, surprised.
"You're not Sirius's only pen pal," Dumbledore said.  "I've also been in contact with him since he left Hogwarts last year. I was the one who suggested the mountainside cave as the safest place to stay."
Dumbledore stood up and began walking back and forth behind his desk.  Every now and then he would place the tip of his wand to his temple, remove another shiny silver thought, and add it to the Pensieve.  The thoughts inside began to swirl so fast that Harry couldn't see anything clearly: it was just a blur of color.
"Teacher?"  » he said softly, after a few minutes.
Dumbledore stopped pacing and looked at Harry.
"My apologies," he said softly.  He sat down again at his desk.
“Do… you know why my scar hurts?”
Dumbledore looked at Harry very carefully for a moment, then said, "I have a theory, no more than that." …I believe your scar hurts both when Lord Voldemort is near you and when he feels pain. a particularly strong outburst of hatred."
"But why?"
"Because you and he are linked by the failed curse," Dumbledore said. “This is no ordinary scar.”
"So you think...this dream...did it really happen?"
"It's possible," said Dumbledore. “I would say – probably. Harry – have you seen Voldemort?
"No," Harry said.  "Just the back of his chair. But - there wouldn't be anything to see, would there? I mean, he doesn't have a body, does he? But... but so how could he have held the wand?"  » Harry said slowly.
“How, indeed?” Dumbledore muttered.  "How indeed..."
Neither Dumbledore nor Harry spoke for a moment.  Dumbledore looked across the room and, every now and then, placed the tip of his wand to his temple and added another bright silver thought to the seething mass inside the Pensieve.
"Professor," Harry said at last, "do you think he's getting stronger?"
" Flight of death ? Dumbledore said, looking at Harry over the pensieve.  It was the characteristic, piercing look that Dumbledore had given him on other occasions, and which always made Harry feel like Dumbledore was seeing right through him in a way that even Moody's magical eye couldn't see. .  "Again. Harry, I can only tell you my suspicions."
Dumbledore sighed again, and he looked older and more tired than ever.
"The years of Voldemort's rise to power," he said, "were marked by disappearances. Bertha Jorkins disappeared without a trace in the place where Voldemort was certainly known to be the last. Mr. Crouch has also disappeared... during these same years and there was a third disappearance, which the Ministry, I regret to say, does not consider to be of any importance, because it concerns a Muggle. His name was Frank Bryce, he lived in the village where Voldemort's father grew up, and he hasn't been seen since last August. You see, I read the muggle newspapers, unlike most of my friends in the Ministry.
Dumbledore looked at Harry very seriously.
"These disappearances seem linked to me. The ministry disagrees - as you may have heard, while waiting outside my office."
Harry nodded.  Silence fell between them again, Dumbledore extracting thoughts from time to time.  Harry felt like he should go, but his curiosity kept him in his seat.
"Teacher?"  he said again.
"Yes, Harry?"  Dumbledore said.
"Um... could I ask you about... that court case I was in... in the Pensieve?"
"You could," Dumbledore said heavily.  "I have attended several times, but some events come back to me more clearly than others... especially now...."
"You know – you know the trial you found me in? The one with Crouch's son? Well… were they talking about Neville's parents?"
Dumbledore gave Harry a very sharp look. "Did Neville ever tell you why he was raised by his grandmother?" he said.
Harry shook his head, wondering as he did so how he could have not asked Neville that, after almost four years of knowing him.
"Yes, they were talking about Neville's parents," Dumbledore said.  “His father, Frank, was an Auror just like Professor Moody. He and his wife were tortured for information on Voldemort's whereabouts after he lost his powers, as you've heard.
“So they’re dead?” said Harrycalmly.
"No," Dumbledore said, his voice full of a bitterness Harry had never heard before.  "They're crazy. They're both in St. Mungo's Hospital for magical illnesses and injuries. I think Neville is visiting them, with his grandmother, during the holidays. They don't recognize him."
Harry sat there, struck with horror. He had never known it. . . never, in four years, have I taken the trouble to find out. . .
"The Longbottoms were very popular," Dumbledore said.  "The attacks on them took place after Voldemort's power had fallen, just when everyone thought they were safe. These attacks caused a wave of fury unlike any I have ever experienced. The Ministry was under great pressure to arrest those who committed them. Unfortunately, the Longbottoms' evidence was - given its condition - not really reliable.
“So maybe Mr. Crouch’s son isn’t involved?” » Harry said slowly.
Dumbledore shook his head.
“As for that, I have no idea.”
Harry sat in silence, watching the contents of the Pensieve swirl around.  There were two other questions he was dying to ask. . . but they concerned the guilt of living people. . . .
"Uh," he said, "Mr. Bagman..."
"...has never been accused of any Dark activity since," Dumbledore said calmly.
"Good," Harry said hastily, staring again at the contents of the Pensieve, which were swirling more slowly now that Dumbledore had stopped adding thoughts.  "And... uh..."
But the Pensieve seemed to ask his question for him.
Snape's face was swimming above the surface again.  Dumbledore glanced at it, then turned to Harry.
"Neither does Professor Snape," he said.
Harry looked into Dumbledore's clear blue eyes, and the thing he really wanted to know came out of his mouth before he could stop it.
"What made you think he really stopped supporting Voldemort, Professor?"
Dumbledore held Harry's gaze for a few seconds, then said, "This, Harry, is a matter between Professor Snape and me."
Harry knew the interview was over; Dumbledore didn't sound angry, but there was a finality in his tone that told Harry it was time to leave.  He stood up, as did Dumbledore.
"Harry," he said as Harry reached the door.  "Please don't tell anyone else about Neville's parents. He has the right to let people know when he's ready."
"Yes, Professor," Harry said, turning to leave.
"And-"
Harry turned around.  Dumbledore stood above the Pensieve, his face lit from below by its silver points of light, looking older than ever.  He looked at Harry for a moment, then said, "Good luck with the third task."

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE – THE THIRD TASK

Dumbledore thinks You-Know-Who is also getting stronger? » Ron whispered.
Everything Harry had seen in the Pensieve, almost everything Dumbledore had told him and subsequently shown him, he had now shared with Ron and Hermione - and, of course, with Sirius, to whom Harry had sent a owl as soon as he left Dumbledore's office.  Harry, Ron and Hermione sat late in the common room once again that evening, talking until Harry's mind was reeling, until he understood what Dumbledore wanted. to say about a head that had become so full of thoughts that it would have been a relief. to siphon them.
Ron looked at the fire in the common room.  Harry thought he saw Ron shiver slightly, even though the evening was warm.
"And he trusts Snape?"  » Ron said.  "He really trusts Snape, even though he knows he was a Death Eater?"
"Yes," Harry said.
Hermione hadn't spoken in ten minutes.  She sat with her forehead in her hands, looking down at her knees.  Harry thought she looked like she too had had enough of a Pensieve.
"Rita Skeeter," she finally muttered.
"How can you worry about her now?"  Ron said, in complete disbelief.
"I'm not worried about her," Hermione said on her knees.  "I'm just thinking... remember what she said to me in The Three Broomsticks? 'I know things about Ludo Bagman that would make your hair curl.' That's what she meant, isn't it? She reported his trial, she knew he passed information to the Death Eaters, and remember 'Ludo Bagman is a bad wizard. .'  Mr. Crouch would have been furious that he had gotten away with it, he would have talked about it at home.”
"Yeah, but Bagman didn't pass information on purpose, did he?"
Hermione shrugged.
"And Fudge thinks Madame Maxime attacked Crouch?"  » Ron said, turning to Harry.
"Yeah," Harry said, "but he only says that because Crouch disappeared near the Beauxbatons' car."
“We never thought about her, did we?”  » Ron said slowly.  "Be careful, she definitely has giant blood, and she doesn't want to admit it..."
"Of course not," Hermione said abruptly, looking up.  "Look at what happened to Hagrid when Rita found out about his mother. Look at Fudge, who jumps to conclusions about her just because she's part giant. Who needs that kind of prejudice? I'd probably say that I’d have big bones if I knew that’s it.” what I would get by telling the truth.
Hermione looked at her watch.  "We didn't do anythingI'm training! » she said, looking shocked. “We were going to do the obstacle spell!”  We'll really have to get started tomorrow!  Come on. Harry, you need to get some sleep.
Harry and Ron slowly walked up to their dormitory.  As Harry changed into his pajamas, he looked at Neville's bed.  True to his word to Dumbledore, he hadn't told Ron and Hermione about Neville's parents.  As Harry took off his glasses and climbed into his four-poster bed, he imagined what it must have been like to have parents still alive but unable to recognize you. He often received sympathy from strangers for being an orphan, but listening to Neville's snoring, he thought Neville deserved it more than him.  Lying in the darkness, Harry felt a surge of anger and hatred towards the people who had tortured Mr. and Mrs. Longbottom. ...He remembered the jeers of the crowd as Crouch's son and his companions were torn from the courtyard by the Dementors. ... He understood how they felt. . . . Then he remembered the milk-white face of the screaming boy and realized with a start that he had died a year later. . . .
It was Voldemort, Harry thought, looking at the canopy of his bed in the darkness, everything came back to Voldemort. … It was he who had torn these families apart, who had ruined all these lives. . . .
Ron and Hermione were supposed to be studying for their exams, which would end on the third task day, but they were putting most of their effort into helping Harry prepare.
"Don't worry about that," Hermione said shortly when Harry pointed this out and said he didn't mind training alone for a while, "at least we'll get top marks in Defense Against the Dark Arts . We would never have discovered all these spells in class.
"Good practice for when we're all Aurors," Ron said enthusiastically, attempting the restraining spell on a wasp that had been buzzing around the room and causing it to stop dead in midair.
The mood in the castle when they arrived in June became excited and tense again.  Everyone was looking forward to the third task, which would take place a week before the end of the term. Harry practiced the spells at every available moment.  He felt more confident in this task than the others.  Although it would undoubtedly be difficult and dangerous, Moody was right: Harry had successfully fought his way through monstrous creatures and enchanted barriers before, and this time he had a bit of warning, a chance to save himself. prepare for what awaited him.
Tired of meeting Harry, Hermione and Ron all over the school.  Professor McGonagall had given them permission to use the empty Transfiguration room at lunchtime.  Harry had soon mastered the Obstruction Charm, a spell to slow and obstruct attackers; the Gearhead's Curse, which would allow him to blast solid objects out of his way; and the Four-Pointed Spell, a useful discovery of Hermione's that would cause her wand to point due north, allowing her to check if he was going in the right direction in the maze.  However, he still had problems with the shield spell.  This was supposed to create a temporary, invisible wall around him that deflected lesser curses; Hermione managed to break it with a well-placed Jelly-Legs Charm, and Harry staggered around the room for ten minutes afterwards, before she looked up at the counter-curse.
"But you're still doing great," Hermione said encouragingly, going through her list and crossing off the spells they had already learned.  “Some of them are bound to come in handy.”
"Come and look at this," said Ron, who was standing by the window.  He looked at the field.  "What is Malfoy doing?"
Harry and Hermione went to see. Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle stood in the shade of a tree below.  Crabbe and Goyle seemed on the lookout; both were smiling.  Malfoy held his hand over his mouth and spoke into it.
"It looks like he's using a walkie-talkie," Harry said curiously.
"He can't be," Hermione said, "I told you, that sort of thing doesn't work at Hogwarts. Come on, Harry," she added quickly, turning away from the window and walking back between. from the room, "let's try that shield spell again."
Sirius was now sending owls daily. Like Hermione, he seemed to want to focus on Harry's latest task before worrying about anything else.  He reminded Harry in every letter that whatever happened outside the walls of Hogwarts was not Harry's responsibility, nor was it in his power to influence it.

If Voldemort really does become stronger again, he writes, my priority is to ensure your safety. He can't hope to get his hands on you while you're under Dumbledore's protection, but still, don't take any chances: focus on getting through this maze safely, and then we can turn our attention to other subjects.

Harry's nerves rose as June 24th approached, but they weren't as bad as the ones he had felt before.before the first and second tasks.  On the one hand, he was convinced that this time he had done everything in his power to prepare for this task.  On the other hand, this was the final hurdle, and no matter how well or poorly he did, the tournament would finally be over, which would be a huge relief.

Breakfast was very noisy at the Gryffindor table the morning of the third task. The post owls appeared, bringing Harry a good luck card from Sirius.  It was just a folded piece of parchment with a muddy paw print on the front, but Harry liked it all the same.  A screech owl arrived for Hermione, carrying her morning copy of the Daily Prophet as usual.  She unfolded the paper, glanced at the first page, and spat a mouthful of pumpkin juice onto it.
"What?" » Harry and Ron said together, looking at her.  "Nothing," Hermione said quickly, trying to push the paper out of sight, but Ron grabbed it.  He looked at the title and said, "No way. Not today. That old cow."
"What?"  Harry said.  “Rita Skeeter again?” 
"No," Ron said, and just like Hermione, he tried to push the paper out of sight.
“It’s about me, isn’t it?” Harry said. 
"No," said Ron, in a completely unconvincing tone.  But before Harry could demand to see the diary.  Draco Malfoy shouted across the Great Hall from the Slytherin table.
"Hey, Potter! Potter! How's your head? Are you feeling okay? Sure you're not going to go berserk on us?"
Malfoy was also holding a copy of the Daily Prophet. The Slytherins around the table laughed, twisting in their seats to see Harry's reaction.
"Let me see that," Harry said to Ron.  “Give it here.” 
Reluctantly, Ron handed him the newspaper. Harry turned it over and found himself looking at his own photo, under the banner title:

“HARRY POTTER “TROUBLED AND DANGEROUS”

The boy who defeated He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named is unstable and possibly dangerous, writes special correspondent Rita Skeeter.  Alarming evidence has recently come to light about Harry Potter's strange behavior, which casts doubt on his suitability to compete in a demanding competition like the Triwizard Tournament, or even to attend Hogwarts School.
Potter, which the Daily Prophet can exclusively reveal, regularly collapses at school and is often heard complaining of pain in the scar on his forehead (a relic of the curse with which You-Know-Who tried to kill him).  Last Monday, in the middle of a divination class, your Daily Prophet reporter saw Potter storming out of class, claiming that his scar hurt too much to continue studying.
It's possible, say top experts at St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Illness and Injury, that Potter's brain was affected by You-Know-Who's attack on him, and that his insistence that it that the scar still hurts is an expression of his deep confusion.
“He could even be pretending,” says a specialist. “This could be a cry for attention.”
The Daily Prophet, however, has uncovered some disturbing facts about Harry Potter that Albus Dumbledore, headmaster of Hogwarts, carefully hid from the wizarding public.
“Potter speaks Parseltongue,” reveals Draco Malfoy, a fourth year student at Hogwarts.  "There were a lot of attacks on students a few years ago, and most people thought Potter was behind them after seeing him lose his temper in a dueling club and throw a snake at another boy That was all hushed up, though. But he also made friends with werewolves and giants. We think he'd do anything for a little power.
Parseltongue, the ability to converse with snakes, has long been considered a dark art.  Indeed, the most famous Parseltongue of our time is none other than You-Know-Who himself.  A member of the Dark Force Defense League, who wished to remain anonymous, said he would consider any wizard who could speak Parseltongue "worthy of investigation." Personally, I would be very wary of anyone who could converse with snakes, as snakes are. often used in the worst forms of black magic and are historically associated with evildoers.  Likewise, “anyone who seeks the company of such vicious creatures as werewolves and giants seems to have a penchant for violence.”
Albus Dumbledore should surely be wondering if a boy like this should be allowed to participate in the Triwizard Tournament.  Some fear that Potter may resort to the forces of evil in his desperation to win the tournament, the third task of which takes place tonight.

“It took a bit of a distance from me, didn’t it?”  » Harry said lightly, folding the paper.
At the Slytherin table, Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were laughing at him, tapping their heads with their fingers, making grotesquely crazy faces and moving their tongues like snakes.
“How did she know your scar hurts in divination?” » Ron said. "There's no way she was there, there's no way she could have heard -"
"The window was open," Harry said. “I opened it to breathe.”
"You were at the top of the North Tower! » said Hermione. “Your voice couldn’t have carried all the way to the park!” »
“Well, you’re the one who’s supposed to be researching magical bugging methods!” Harry said. “You tell me how she did it!”
"I tried!"  Hermione said.  "But I...but..."
A strange, dreamy expression suddenly appeared on Hermione's face.  She slowly reached up and ran her fingers through his hair.
"Are you doing OK?" Ron said with a frown.
"Yes," Hermione said breathlessly.  She ran her fingers through her hair again, then raised her hand to her mouth, as if speaking into an invisible walkie-talkie.  Harry and Ron looked at each other.
"I had an idea," Hermione said, staring into space.  "I think I know... because then no one would be able to see... even Moody... and she could have climbed onto the windowsill... but she's not allowed... she is definitely not allowed... I think we got her just give me two seconds in the library - just to be sure!
With that, Hermione grabbed her schoolbag and rushed out of the Great Hall.
"Oh!" Ron called after him.  "We have our History of Magic exam in ten minutes!" Damn,” he said, turning to Harry, “she must really hate that Skeeter woman to risk missing the start of an exam. Binns' class - read again? »
Exempt from the end-of-year tests as Triwizard champion, Harry had sat at the back of every exam class so far, searching for new hexes for the third task.
"I suppose so," Harry said to Ron; but just then. Professor McGonagall walked towards him next to the Gryffindor table.
"Potter, the champions gather in the room next to the Hall after breakfast," she said.
“But the task isn’t until tonight!”  Harry said, accidentally spilling some scrambled eggs down his front, fearing he had got the time wrong.
"I realize that, Potter," she said.  "The families of the champions are invited to witness the final task, you know. This is simply your opportunity to greet them."
She walked away. Harry gaped after her.
"She's not expecting the Dursleys to arrive, is she?"  » he asked Ron blankly.
"I don't know," Ron said.  "Harry, I better hurry, I'm going to be late for Binns. See you later."
Harry finished his breakfast in the empty Great Hall.  He saw Fleur Delacour get up from the Ravenclaw table and join Cedric as he crossed the side room and entered.  Krum slumped down to join them shortly after.  Harry stayed where he was.  He really didn't want to come into the Chamber.  He had no family – no family who would come to watch him risk his life, anyway.  But just as he was getting up, thinking he might as well go up to the library and do some more research on spells, the door to the side chamber opened and Cedric stuck his head out.
"Harry, come on, they're waiting for you!"
Completely perplexed.  Harry stood up.  The Dursleys couldn't be here, could they? He crossed the hall and opened the bedroom door.
Cedric and his parents were right outside the door.  Viktor Krum was in the corner, conversing with his dark-haired father and mother in rapid Bulgarian.  He had inherited his father's hooked nose.  Across the room, Fleur was chatting in French with her mother.  Fleur's little sister, Gabrielle, held her mother's hand.  She waved to Harry, who smiled back.  Then he saw Mrs. Weasley and Bill standing in front of the fireplace, beaming.
"Surprise!"  Mrs. Weasley said excitedly as he smiled widely and walked towards them. “I thought we were coming to check on you.” Harry!  She leaned over and kissed him on the cheek.
"How are you?" » Bill said, smiling at Harry and shaking his hand.  "Charlie wanted to come, but he couldn't get time off. He said you were amazing against the Horntail."
Fleur Delacour, Harry noticed, was looking over her mother's shoulder at Bill with great interest.  Harry could tell she had no objection to long hair or fanged earrings.
"That's really nice of you," Harry muttered to Mrs. Weasley.  "I thought for a moment - the Dursleys -"
"Hmm," Mrs. Weasley said, pursing her lips.  She had always refrained from criticizing the Dursleys in front of Harry, but her eyes sparkled whenever they were mentioned.
"It's great to be back here," Bill said, looking around the room (Violet, the Fat Lady's friend, winked at him from her body).  "I haven't seen this place in five years. Is that picture of the mad knight still there? Sir Cadogan?"
"Oh yeah," said Harry, who had met Sir Cadogan the year before.
“And the Fat Lady?” Bill said.
"She was here in my time," Mrs. Weasley said.  "She scolded me so much one night when I got back to the dorm at four in the morning -"
“What were you doing outside your dorm at four in the morning?”  » said Bill, looking at his mother in astonishment.
Mrs. Weasley smiled, her eyes sparkling.
“Your father and I took a night walk,” she said.  "He hadcaught by Apollyon Pringle – he was the keeper at the time – your father still has the marks.
“Would you like to show us around, Harry?”  Bill said.
"Yeah, okay," Harry said, and they walked back towards the Great Hall door.  As he passed Amos Diggory, he looked around.
“You’re there, aren’t you?” He said looking Harry up and down.
"I bet you don't feel so confident now that Cedric has caught you on points, do you?"
"What?" Harry said.
"Ignore him," Cedric said quietly to Harry, frowning at his father.  "He's been angry since Rita Skeeters' article about the Triwizard Tournament – ​​you know, when she claimed you were the only champion at Hogwarts."
“But he didn’t bother to correct her, did he?”  Amos Diggory said, loud enough for Harry to hear as he began to walk out with Mrs. Weasley and Bill.  “Still… you’re going to show him, Ced. You've already beaten him once, haven't you?
“Rita Skeeter is doing everything she can to stir up trouble, Amos!”  » Mrs. Weasley said angrily. "I would have thought you would know from working at the Ministry!"
Mr. Diggory looked like he was about to say something angry, but his wife put her hand on his arm, and he just shrugged his shoulders and turned away.
Harry spent a very pleasant morning walking the sunny grounds with Bill and Mrs. Weasley, showing them the Beauxbatons carriage and the Durmstrang ship.  Mrs. Weasley was intrigued by the Whomping Willow, which had been planted after she left school, and remembered at length the gamekeeper before Hagrid, a man called Ogg.
"How's Percy?"  Harry asked as they walked around the greenhouses.
“Not good,” Bill said.
"He's very upset," Mrs. Weasley said, lowering her voice and looking around.  "The Ministry wants to keep Mr. Crouch's disappearance a secret, but Percy has been brought in for questioning about the instructions Mr. Crouch sent them. They seem to think there's a chance they weren't carried out. actually written by him. Percy has been under a lot of tension. They won't let him replace Mr. Crouch since the fifth judge is going to do it tonight.
They returned to the castle for lunch.
“Mom – Bill!” » Ron said, looking stunned, as he joined the Gryffindor table.  " What are you doing here ?
"Come see Harry in the last task!"  » Mrs. Weasley said sharply.  "I have to say it's a nice change not having to cook. How did your exam go?"
"Oh... okay," Ron said. “I didn't remember all the names of the goblin rebels, so I made up a few. Bearded and Urg the Impure; it wasn't difficult. "
Fred, George and Ginny came and sat next to them too, and Harry was having such a good time it almost felt like he was back at the Burrow; he'd forgotten to worry about the evening's task, and it wasn't until Hermione arrived, halfway through lunch, that he remembered that she'd had a brainwave about Rita Skeeter.
“Are you going to tell us –?”
Hermione shook her head warningly and glanced at Mrs. Weasley.
"Hello, Hermione," Mrs. Weasley said, much stiffer than usual.
"Hello," Hermione said, her smile faltering at the cold expression on Mrs. Weasley's face.
Harry looked between them, then said, "Mrs. Weasley, you don't believe the bullshit that Rita Skeeter wrote in Witch Weekly, do you?" Because Hermione is not my girlfriend.
"Oh!" said Mrs. Weasley. “No – of course not!”
But she became considerably warmer towards Hermione after that.
Harry, Bill and Mrs. Weasley spent the afternoon with a long walk around the castle, then returned to the Great Hall for the evening feast.  Ludo Bagman and Cornelius Fudge had now joined the professors' table.  Bagman looked rather cheerful, but Cornelius Fudge, who was sitting next to Madame Maxime, looked stern and did not speak. Madame Maxime was focused on her plate and Harry found that her eyes were red. Hagrid kept looking at her across the table,
There were more dishes than usual, but Harry, who was starting to feel really nervous now, wasn't eating much.  As the enchanted ceiling began to change from blue to dark purple, Dumbledore stood up at the head table and silence fell.
"Ladies and gentlemen, in five minutes I will ask you to report to the Quidditch pitch for the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament. Would the champions please follow Mr. Bagman to the stadium now."
Harry stood up.  The Gryffindors all around the table applauded him; The Weasleys and Hermione all wished him luck, and he left the Great Hall with Cedric, Fleur and Viktor.
" You're feeling good. Harry? » Bagman asked as they descended the stone steps leading to the field.  "Confident?"
"I'm fine," Harry said.  It was sort of true; he was nervous, but he continued to think about all the spells and spells he had practiced in his mind as they walked, and the knowledgeThe fact that he could remember them all made him feel better.
They arrived at the Quidditch pitch, now completely unrecognizable.  A hedge twenty feet high ran all around it.  There was a gap right in front of them: the entrance to the vast labyrinth.  The passage beyond seemed dark and frightening.
Five minutes later, the stands began to fill; the air was full of excited voices and shuffling feet as hundreds of students took their seats.  The sky was now a deep, clear blue and the first stars were beginning to appear. Hagrid, Professor Moody, Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick entered the stadium and approached Bagman and the champions.  They wore large, bright red stars on their hats, all except Hagrid, who had his on the back of his moleskin jacket.
"We will be patrolling the outside of the maze," Professor McGonagall told the champions.  "If you're in trouble and want to be rescued, send red sparks into the air and one of us will come get you, understand?"
The champions nodded.
“Then go!” Bagman said happily to the four patrolmen.
"Good luck. Harry," Hagrid murmured, and the four of them walked off in different directions, standing around the maze.  Bagman now pointed his wand at his throat, muttered "Sonorus" and his magically enlarged voice echoed through the stands.
"Ladies and gentlemen, the third and final task of the Triwizard Tournament is about to begin! Let me remind you of the current points status! Tied for first place, with eighty-five points each - M .Cedric Diggory and Mr. Harry Potter, both from Hogwarts School!”  The cheers and applause sent the birds of the Forbidden Forest flying into the darkening sky.  "In second place, with eighty points - Mr. Viktor Krum, from the Durmstrang Institute!"  More applause. “And in third place – Mademoiselle Fleur Delacour, from the Beauxbatons Academy!”
Harry could make out Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron and Hermione politely applauding Fleur, halfway up the stands.  He waved to them, and they waved back, beaming.
"So... on my whistle, Harry and Cedric!" Bagman said. “Three two one –”
He gave a short whistle, and Harry and Cedric rushed into the maze.
The tall hedges cast black shadows across the path and, whether because they were so tall and thick or because they had been enchanted, the noise of the surrounding crowd was silenced as soon as they entered the labyrinth.  Harry almost felt like he was underwater again.  He took out his wand, muttered "Lumos" and heard Cedric do the same right behind him.
After about fifty meters, they reached a fork in the road.  They looked at each other.
"See you soon," Harry said, and took the one on the left, while Cedric took the one on the right.
Harry heard Bagman's whistle for the second time.  Krum had entered the maze.  Harry sped up.  The path he had chosen seemed completely deserted.  He turned right and continued on his way, holding his wand above his head, trying to see as far as possible.  However, there was nothing in sight.
Bagman's whistle sounded in the distance for the third time.  All the champions were now inside.
Harry continued to look behind him.  The old feeling of being watched had returned to him.  The maze grew darker with each passing minute as the sky above turned navy blue.  He reached for a second fork.
"Point me," he whispered to his wand, holding it flat in his palm.
The wand turned once and pointed to his right, into a sturdy hedge.  This route was north, and he knew he had to head northwest to reach the center of the maze.  The best he could do was take the left fork and turn right again as soon as possible.
The path ahead was empty too, and when Harry reached a right turn and took it, he found his path unblocked again.  Harry didn't know why, but the lack of obstacles bothered him.  Surely he should have encountered something by now?  It was as if the maze lured him into a false sense of security.  Then he heard movement right behind him.  He held out his wand, ready to attack, but his beam fell only on Cedric, who had just rushed out of a path on the right.  Cedric looked seriously shaken.  The sleeve of her dress was smoking.
“The Skrewts with Hagrid’s Explosive Extremities!” he hissed.  “They’re huge, I just ran away!”
He shook his head and dove out of sight, down another path.  Eager to put plenty of distance between himself and the skrewts, Harry hurried again.  Then, as he turned a corner, he saw... a dementor heading towards him.  Twelve feet tall, his face hidden by his hood, his rotten and scabbed hands outstretched, he advanced, blindly feeling his way towards him.  Harry could hear his raspy breathing; he felt a damp cold invade him, but he knew what he had to do...
He summoned the happiest thought he could, focused with all his might on getting out of the maze and celebrating with Ron and Hermione, looked up.is the wand and shouted: "Expecto Patronum!"
A silver stag appeared from the tip of Harry's wand and galloped towards the dementor, who fell backwards and tripped over the hem of his robes. . . . Harry had never seen a dementor trip.
“Hang on!”  he shouted, moving forward in the wake of his silver Patronus. "You're a boggart! Riddikulus!"
There was a loud crack and the shapeshifter exploded in a wisp of smoke.  The silver deer disappeared from sight.  Harry wished it would stay, he could have used a little company... but he continued on his way, as quickly and quietly as possible, listening intently, his wand raised once more.
Left...right...left again. . . Twice he found himself in a dead end.  He did the four-point spell again and found that it went too far east.  He turned around, took a right turn and saw a strange golden mist floating in front of him.
Harry approached it cautiously, pointing the beam of his wand at it.  It seemed like some kind of enchantment.  He wondered if he would be able to make it disappear.
“Discount! " he said.
The spell passed through the mist, leaving it intact.  He supposed he should have known better; the gearhead's curse was intended for solid objects.  What would happen if he walked through the mist?  Was it worth the attempt, or should he go back?
He was still hesitating when a cry broke the silence.
"Flower?" Harry shouted.
There was a silence.  He looked all around him.  What had happened to him?  His cry seemed to come from somewhere ahead.  He took a deep breath and ran through the enchanted mist.
The world has turned upside down.  Harry was hanging on the ground, his hair standing on end, his glasses hanging off his nose, threatening to fall into the bottomless sky.  He squeezed them to the tip of his nose and stood there, terrified.  It was as if his feet were stuck to the grass, which had now become the ceiling.  Below him, the dark, starry sky stretched to infinity.  He felt like if he tried to move one of his feet, he would fall completely off the ground.
Think, he said to himself as all the blood rushed to his head, think. . .
But none of the spells he had practiced had been designed to combat a sudden reversal of the ground and sky.  Did he dare to move his foot?  He could hear the blood pounding in his ears.  He had two choices: try to move, or send red sparks and be rescued and disqualified from the task.
He closed his eyes so he couldn't see the endless space below him, and pushed his right foot as hard as he could away from the grassy ceiling.
Immediately, the world righted itself. Harry fell to his knees on the wonderfully solid floor. He felt temporarily limp with shock. He took a deep breath, then stood up and rushed forward, looking over his shoulder as he fled the golden mist, which shimmered innocently towards him in the moonlight.
He stopped at a crossroads and looked around for any sign of Fleur.  He was sure she was the one who screamed.  What had she encountered?  Was she okay?  There was no sign of red sparks – did that mean she had gotten out of trouble, or was she in such trouble that she couldn't reach her wand?  Harry took the right turn with a growing sense of unease. . . but at the same time, he couldn't help but think.  A champion down. . .
The cup was somewhere nearby, and it looked like Fleur was no longer in the running.  It had come to this, hadn't it?  What if he actually managed to win?  Fleetingly, and for the first time since he found himself champion, he saw this image of himself again, lifting the Triwizard Cup in front of the rest of the school. . . .
He encountered nothing for ten minutes, but continued to run into dead ends.  Twice he took the same wrong path.  Finally, he found a new route and began running along it, the light from his wand rippling, causing his shadow to flicker and distort on the hedge walls.  Then he rounded another corner and found himself facing a Blast-Ended Skrewt.
Cedric was right: it was huge.  Ten feet long, it looked more like a giant scorpion than anything else.  Its long prick was curled across his back.  Her thick armor gleamed in the light of Harry's wand, which he pointed at her.
“Stupid!”
The spell struck the skrewt's armor and rebounded; Harry ducked away just in time, but could smell burning hair; it burned the top of his head.  The skrewt emitted a burst of fire from its tip and flew towards him.
“Impediments! » Harry shouted.  The spell struck the skrewt's armor again and ricocheted; Harry took a few steps back and fell. “IMPEDIMENTA! »
The skrewt was inches away from him when it froze – he had managed to hit it on its fleshy, shellless underside.  Panting, Harry broke away from it and ran, hard, in the opposite direction – the blocking spell wasn't permanent; the skrewt would regain the use of its legs at any time.
He took a path to the left and hit a dead end, one to the right and collided with another; forcehimself to stop, with his heart pounding, he performed the four-point spell again, turned back and chose a path that would take him to the northwest.
He had been running for a few minutes on the new path when he heard something on the path parallel to his that made him stop in his tracks.
"What are you doing?" Cedric's voice shouted.  "What do you think you're doing ?"
And then Harry heard Krum's voice.
“Crucio! »
The air was suddenly full of Cedric's screams.  Horrified, Harry began to run back his way, trying to find a path back to Cedric's.  When none appeared, he tried the reducer spell again.  It wasn't very effective, but it burned a small hole in the hedge which Harry forced his leg through, kicking at the brambles and thick branches until they broke and made an opening. ; He struggled, tearing his robes, and looking to his right, saw Cedric jump and twitch on the ground, Krum standing over him.
Harry stood up and pointed his wand at Krum just as Krum looked up.  Krum turned and started running.
“Stupid!”  Harry shouted.
The spell struck Krum in the back; he stopped abruptly, fell forward and lay motionless, face down in the grass.  Harry rushed over to Cedric, who had stopped shaking and was lying there panting with his hands on his face.
"Are you doing OK?"  » Harry said bluntly, grabbing Cedric's arm.
“Yeah,” Cedric panted. "Yeah... I don't believe it... he snuck up behind me. ... I heard him, I turned around and he had his wand on me. . . ."
Cedric gets up. He was still shaking.  He and Harry looked at Krum.
"I can't believe this...I thought he was okay," Harry said looking at Krum.
“Me too,” said Cedric.
"Did you hear Fleur screaming earlier?"  Harry said.
“Yeah,” Cedric said. “You don’t think Krum got it too?”
"I don't know," Harry said slowly.
“Should we leave him here? » Cedric muttered.
"No," Harry said.  "I think we should send out some red sparks. Someone will come and get him...otherwise he'll probably be eaten by a laywoman."
"He deserves it," Cedric muttered, but he raised his wand anyway and released a shower of red sparks into the air, which hovered above Krum, marking the spot where he lay.
Harry and Cedric stood there in the darkness for a moment, looking around.  Then Cedric said, "Well...I guess we'd better move on..."
"What?" Harry said. "Oh...yeah...that's right..."
It was a strange moment. He and Cedric had briefly been united against Krum – now the fact that they were adversaries fell to Harry.  They both walked down the dark path without speaking, then Harry turned left and Cedric turned right.  Cedric's footsteps soon died away.
Harry moved forward, continuing to use the Four Point Charm, making sure he was going in the right direction.  It was between him and Cedric now.  His desire to reach the cup first was now stronger than ever, but he could hardly believe what he had just seen Krum do.  Using an Unforgivable Curse on a human meant a life sentence in Azkaban, that's what Moody had told them. Surely Krum couldn't have wanted the Triwizard Cup that much... Harry accelerated.
From time to time he found himself at new dead ends, but the growing darkness made him feel like he was getting closer to the heart of the labyrinth.  Then, as he walked along a long, straight path, he saw movement again, and its beam of light struck an extraordinary creature, which he had only seen as a picture, in his Book of Monsters monsters.
It was a sphinx.  It had the body of an overly large lion: large clawed paws and a long yellowish tail ending in a brown tuft.  Her head, however, was that of a woman.  She turned her long, almond-shaped eyes towards Harry as he approached.  He raised his wand, hesitant.  She was not crouching as if to leap, but pacing the path from side to side, blocking his progress. Then she spoke in a deep, hoarse voice.
"You are very close to your goal. The quickest path is to surpass me."
“So...so will you move, please?”  Harry said, knowing what the answer would be.
“No,” she said, continuing to pace.  "Not unless you can answer my riddle. Answer your first guess - I'll let you pass. Answer wrong - I attack. Stay silent - I'll let you walk away from me unharmed."
Harry's stomach dropped several notches.  It was Hermione who was good at this sort of thing, not him.  He weighed his chances.  If the puzzle was too difficult, he could remain silent, walk away from the sphinx unharmed, and try to find an alternative route to the center.
“Okay,” he said. “Can I hear the riddle?”
The sphinx sat on its hind legs, in the middle of the path, and recited:

"Think first of the person who lives in disguise,
Who trades secrets and only tells lies.
Then tell me what's always the last thing to fix,
The middle of the middle and the end of the end?
And finally give me the often heard sound
When searching for a hard to find word.
Now connect them together and answer me this:
What creature would you beready to kiss? »

Harry gaped at her.
“Could I take it back…slower?” » he asked shyly.  She blinked, smiled, and repeated the poem.  "All the clues point to a creature I wouldn't want to kiss?" » Harry asked.
She just smiled her mysterious smile.  Harry took that as a 'yes'.  Harry thought. There were plenty of animals he wouldn't want to kiss; his immediate thought was a Skrewt Blast-Ended, but something told him that wasn't the answer.  He should try to find the clues. . . .
"A person in disguise," Harry muttered, looking at her, "who's lying... uh... that would be a - an impostor. No, that's not my guess! A - a spy? I'll come back to that. Could Will you give me the following clue again, please?”
She repeated the following lines from the poem.
"'The last thing to fix,'" Harry repeated. "Um... no idea... 'middle of the middle'... could I have the last piece again?"
She gave him the last four lines.
“'The sound often heard when searching for a hard-to-find word,'” Harry said.  "Uh... that would be... uh... wait - 'uh'! Um, that's a sound!"
The sphinx smiled at him.
"Spy... uh... spy... uh..." Harry said, pacing. "A creature I wouldn't want to kiss...a spider!"
The sphinx smiles wider.  She stood up, stretched out her front paws, then moved aside for him to pass.
"THANKS!" said Harry, and, amazed at his own genius, he rushed forward.
He had to be close now, he had to be. ... His wand told him he was on the right track; as long as he didn't encounter anything too horrible, he might have a chance. . . .
Harry started running.  He had several options to choose from. “Point at me!” » he whispered again to his wand, and it turned and pointed him at the right one.  He rushed towards it and saw light in front of him.
The Triwizard Cup shone on a pedestal a hundred meters away.  Suddenly, a dark figure rushed onto the path in front of him.
Cedric was going to get there first.  Cedric was sprinting as fast as he could towards the cup, and Harry knew he would never catch up, Cedric was much taller, had much longer legs -
Then Harry saw something huge above a hedge to his left, moving quickly along a path that intersected his own; it was going so fast that Cédric was about to rush into it, and Cédric, his eyes fixed on the cup, had not seen it -
“Cedric!” » bellowed Harry. “To your left!”
Cedric looked around just in time to move past the thing and avoid colliding with it, but in his haste he tripped.  Harry saw Cedric's wand fly from his hand as a gigantic spider moved down the path and began to attack Cedric.
“Stupid!” » Harry shouted; the spell struck the gigantic black and hairy body of the spider, but for all the good it did, it might as well have thrown a stone at it; The spider jumped, lunged, and ran towards Harry instead.
"Amaze! Impedimenta! Amazement!"
But it was no use: the spider was either so big or so magical that the spells only made it worse.  Harry got a horrifying glimpse of eight glowing black eyes and razor sharp pincers before they were on him.
It was lifted into the air by its front legs; struggling wildly, he tried to kick him; his leg touched the pincers and the next moment he was in excruciating pain. He could hear Cedric shouting “Stupefy! " too, but his spell had no more effect than Harry's - Harry raised his wand as the spider opened its claws again and shouted "Expelliarmus!
It worked – the disarming spell caused the spider to fall, but it meant Harry falling twelve feet onto his already injured leg, which collapsed beneath him.  Without stopping to think, he aimed high at the spider's belly, as he had done with the skrewt, and shouted, “Stun! ”, just as Cédric shouted the same thing.
The two spells combined did what one had not: the spider toppled onto its side, flattening a nearby hedge and littering the path with a tangle of hairy legs.
“Harry! » he heard Cedric shout. "Are you okay? Did it fall on you?"
"No," Harry replied, panting.  He looked down at his leg.  He was bleeding profusely. He could see some kind of thick, slimy secretion coming from the spider's claws on his torn robes.  He tried to get up, but his leg was shaking badly and wouldn't support his weight.  He leaned against the hedge, panting, and looked around.
Cedric stood a few steps from the Triwizard Cup, which gleamed behind him.
"Take it, then," Harry panted to Cedric. "Come on, take it. You're here."
But Cedric didn't move.  He just stood there, looking at Harry.  Then he turned to look at the cup.  Harry saw the look of longing on her face in its golden light.  Cedric looked back at Harry, who was now holding onto the hedge for support.  Cedric took a deep breath.
"Take it. You should win. You've saved my ass twice here."
"That's not how it's supposed to work," Harry said.  He felt angry; his leg was very sore, he ached everywhere from tryingHe was trying to get rid of the spider, and after all his efforts, Cedric had beaten him to it, just like he had beaten Harry to asking Cho to the ball.  "Whoever reaches the cup first scores the points. It's you. I tell you, I won't win any races on this stage."
Cedric took a few steps closer to the stunned spider, moving away from the cup, shaking his head.
“No,” he said.
"Stop being noble," Harry said irritably.  “Take it, and we can get out of here.”
Cedric watched as Harry steadied himself, holding tightly to the hedge.
“You told me about dragons,” Cedric said.  "I would have failed the first task if you hadn't told me what was going to happen."
"I had help with that too," Harry retorted, trying to wipe his bloody leg with his robes. “You helped me with the egg – we’re square.”
“I had help with the egg in the first place,” Cedric explained.
"We're still square," Harry said, testing his leg carefully; it shook violently as he put weight on it; he had sprained his ankle when the spider dropped him.
“You should have gotten more points on the second task,” Cedric said in a mule tone.  "You stayed behind to get all the hostages. I should have done that."
“I was the only one thick enough to take this song seriously!”  Harry said bitterly.  “Just take the cup!”
“No,” Cedric said.
He stepped over the spider's tangled legs to reach Harry, who was staring at him.  Cedric was serious.  He was moving away from the kind of glory Hufflepuff House hadn't seen in centuries.
“Continue,” Cedric said.  It seemed like it was costing him all his resolve, but his face was frozen, his arms crossed, he seemed determined.
Harry looked at Cedric then at the cup.  For a brilliant moment, he saw himself emerging from the maze, holding him in his arms.  He saw himself holding the Triwizard Cup aloft, heard the roar of the crowd, saw Cho's face shine with admiration, more clearly than he had ever seen it before. . . then the image faded, and he found himself looking at Cedric's dark, stubborn face.
"Both of us," Harry said.
"What?"
"We'll win it at the same time. It's still a Hogwarts victory. We'll be tied."
Cedric looked at Harry.  He unfolded his arms.
“You – are you sure?”
"Yeah," Harry said.  "Yeah...we helped each other, didn't we? We both got here. Let's take it together."
For a moment, Cedric looked like he couldn't believe his ears; then his face broke into a smile.
“Here we go,” he said. "Come here."
He grabbed Harry's arm under the shoulder and helped him limp towards the pedestal where the cup was.  When they reached it, they both reached for one of the shiny handles of the cup.
“Out of three, right? » Harry said. "One two three -"
He and Cedric both grabbed a handful.
Instantly, Harry felt a jolt somewhere behind his belly button.  His feet had left the ground.  He could not unclench the hand that held the Triwizard Cup; it pulled him forward in a howl of wind and swirling colors, Cedric at his side.

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO – FLESH, BLOOD AND BONES

Harry felt his feet crash into the ground; his injured leg gave way and he fell forward; his hand finally let go of the Triwizard Cup.  He raised his head.
"Where are we?" he said.
Cedric shook his head.  He stood up, pulled Harry to his feet and they looked around.
They had completely left the grounds of Hogwarts; they had clearly traveled miles – perhaps hundreds of miles – for even the mountains surrounding the castle had disappeared.  Rather, they were in a dark, overgrown cemetery; the black outline of a small church was visible beyond a large yew tree to their right.  A hill rose above them to their left. Harry could just make out the outline of a beautiful old house on the hillside.
Cedric looked down at the Triwizard Cup and then at Harry.
"Did anyone tell you the cup was a Portkey?" He asked.
"No," Harry said. He looked around the cemetery.  It was completely silent and slightly eerie.  “Is this supposed to be part of the task?”
“I don’t know,” Cedric said.  He looked slightly nervous.  “The wands are out, do you think?”
"Yeah," Harry said, glad that Cedric had made the suggestion rather than him.
They took out their wands.  Harry continued to look around.  Once again he had the strange feeling that they were being watched.
“Someone is coming,” he said suddenly.
Squinting strained eyes in the darkness, they watched the figure approach, walking steadily toward them between the graves.  Harry couldn't make out a face, but by the way he walked and held his arms he could tell he was carrying something.  Regardless, he was short and wore a hooded cape pulled up over his head to hide his face.  And – several steps closer, the gap between them constantly closing – Harry saw that the thing in the person's arms looked like a baby… or was it just a bundle of robes?
Harry lowered his wand slightly and glanced sideways at Cedric.  Cedric gave him a questioning look.  They both turned to look at the approaching figure.
It isplaced next to an imposing marble tombstone, just six feet away.  For a second. Harry, Cedric and the small figure simply looked at each other.
And then, without warning, Harry's scar exploded in pain.  It was an agony such as he had never felt in his entire life; his wand slipped from his fingers as he placed his hands on his face; his knees gave way; he was on the ground and he saw nothing at all; his head was about to split open.
From far above his head, he heard a high, cold voice say, “Kill the spare. »
A rustling sound and a second voice screaming the words into the night: “Avada Kedavra!
A flash of green light crossed Harry's eyelids, and he heard something heavy fall to the ground beside him; the pain in his scar reached such a degree that he retched, then it lessened; terrified of what he was about to see, he opened his burning eyes.
Cedric was lying on the ground, legs spread, next to him.  He was dead.
For a second that lasted an eternity, Harry stared at Cedric's face, his gray eyes open, empty and expressionless like the windows of a deserted house, his mouth half open, looking slightly surprised.  And then, before Harry's mind had accepted what he was seeing, before he could feel anything other than numb disbelief, he felt himself pulled to his feet.
The little man in the cloak had set down his package, lit his wand, and was dragging Harry towards the marble headstone.  Harry saw the name flash in the light of the wand before he was forced to move and slam it against him.

TOM Enigma

The masked man was now summoning tight ropes around Harry, tying him from neck to ankles to the tombstone.  Harry could hear shallow, rapid breathing coming from deep within the hood; he struggled, and the man hit him with a hand that was missing a finger.  And Harry realized who was hiding under the hood.  It was Wormtail.
"You!"  He was panting.
But Wormtail, who had finished conjuring the cords, did not answer; he was busy checking the tightness of the cords, his fingers shaking uncontrollably, growling at the knots. Once he was sure that Harry was so tightly bound to the tombstone that he couldn't move an inch, Wormtail pulled a length of black fabric from inside his cloak and roughly shoved it into Harry's mouth. Harry; then, without a word, he turned away from Harry and hurried away. Harry couldn't make a sound, nor see where Wormtail had gone; he could not turn his head to see beyond the headstone; he could only see what was right in front of him.
Cédric's body lay about twenty meters away.  Somewhere beyond him, glistening in the starlight, was the Triwizard Cup.  Harry's wand was lying on the ground at Cedric's feet.  The bundle of robes that Harry had thought was a baby was nearby, at the base of the grave.  He seemed to shift uneasily.  Harry looked at him, and his scar burned with pain again. . . and he suddenly knew he didn't want to see what was in those robes... he didn't want that package opened...
He could hear noises at his feet.  He looked down and saw a gigantic snake slithering through the grass, circling the tombstone where it was tied.  Wormtail's rapid, wheezing breathing grew louder and louder.  It felt like he was forcing something heavy onto the ground. Then he came back into Harry's field of vision, and Harry saw him pushing a stone cauldron to the base of the grave.  It was full of what appeared to be water – Harry could hear it falling – and it was bigger than any cauldron Harry had ever used; a large stone belly large enough for a grown man to sit on.
The thing inside the bundle of robes on the floor moved more insistently, as if trying to free itself.  Now Wormtail was busy at the bottom of the cauldron with a wand.  Suddenly, names crackled below.  The great serpent slithered into the darkness.
The liquid in the cauldron seemed to heat up very quickly.  The surface not only began to bubble, but to emit fiery sparks, as if it were on fire.  The steam thickened, blurring the outline of Wormtail who was tending the fire.  The movements under the robes became more agitated.  And Harry heard the high, cold voice again.
"Hurry up!"
The entire surface of the water was now illuminated with sparks.  It could have been encrusted with diamonds.
"It's ready. Master."
“Now…” said the cold voice.
Wormtail opened the robes on the floor, revealing what was inside, and Harry let out a cry that was strangled by the pile of fabric blocking his mouth.
It was as if Wormtail had turned over a stone and revealed something ugly and slimy and blind – but worse, a hundred times worse.  The thing Wormtail was carrying was shaped like a crouching human child, except Harry had never seen anything less child-like.  It was hairless and scaly, a dark, raw reddish black.  His arms and legs were thin and weak, and his face - no living child ever had a face like it -flat and snake-like, with glowing red eyes.
The thing seemed almost helpless; he raised his thin arms, put them around Wormtail's neck, and Wormtail lifted him up.  As he did so, his hood fell and Harry saw the look of revulsion on Wormtail's weak, pale face in the firelight as he carried the creature to the edge of the cauldron.  For a moment, Harry saw the flat, evil face illuminated by the sparks dancing on the surface of the potion.  And then Wormtail lowered the creature into the cauldron; there was a hiss, and he disappeared beneath the surface; Harry heard her frail body hit the bottom with a soft thud.
Let him drown, Harry thought, his scar burning almost beyond endurance, please. . . let him drown. . . .
Wormtail spoke.  His voice trembled; he seemed scared beyond his wits.  He raised his wand, closed his eyes and spoke to the night.
“Bone of the father, given without knowing it, you will renew your son!”
The surface of the tomb at Harry's feet cracked.  Horrified, Harry watched as a fine wisp of dust rose into the air at Wormtail's command and fell gently into the cauldron.  The diamond surface of the water broke and hissed; it sent sparks in all directions and turned a bright, poisonous blue.
And now Wormtail was moaning. From his cloak he took out a long, thin, shiny silver dagger.  Her voice broke into petrified sobs.
“Flesh – of the servant – w-voluntarily given – you – will resurrect – your master.”
He held out his right hand in front of him – the hand with the missing finger.  He gripped the dagger very firmly in his left hand and swung it upwards.
Harry realized what Wormtail was about to do a second before it happened - he closed his eyes as tight as he could, but he couldn't block out the scream that pierced the night, which ripped through Harry as if he had also was stabbed with the dagger. .  He heard something fall to the ground, heard Wormtail's anguished panting, then a nauseating splash as something fell into the cauldron.  Harry couldn't bear to watch. . . but the potion had turned bright red; light shone through Harry's closed eyelids. . . .
Wormtail panted and moaned in agony.  It was only when Harry felt Wormtail's anguished breath on his face that he realized that Wormtail was right in front of him.
"B-blood of the enemy...forcibly taken...you will...resurrect your enemy."
Harry couldn't do anything to stop it, he was too tightly bound. . .. Squinting, struggling desperately against the ropes that held him, he saw the gleaming silver dagger trembling in Wormtail's remaining hand.  He felt its tip enter the crook of his right arm and blood flow down the sleeve of his torn robe.  Wormtail, still panting in pain, reached into his pocket for a glass vial and held it close to Harry's cut, so that a trickle of blood fell into it.
He returned to the cauldron with Harry's blood.  He poured it inside.  The liquid inside instantly turned blinding white.  Wormtail, his work done, fell to his knees by the cauldron, then collapsed onto his side and lay on the ground, cradling the bloody stump of his arm, panting and sobbing.
The cauldron simmered, sending its diamond sparks in all directions, so blinding that they turned everything else into velvety blackness.  Nothing happened. . . .
That he drowned.  Harry thought, how bad it went. . . •
And then, suddenly, the sparks emanating from the cauldron went out.  A wave of white steam rose from the cauldron, blotting out everything in front of Harry, so he couldn't see Wormtail or Cedric or anything other than steam hanging in the air. ...It went wrong, he thought. . . he is drowned. .. please . . . please let him be dead. ...
But then, through the mist before him, he saw, with a rush of icy terror, the dark figure of a man, tall and skeletally thin, slowly rising from within the cauldron.
“Dress me,” said the high, cold voice behind the steam, and Wormtail, sobbing and wailing, still holding his mangled arm, rushed to pick up the black robes from the floor, stood up, reached out and pulled. held them out with one hand above his master's head.
The thin man stepped out of the cauldron, staring at Harry. . . and Harry looked again at the face that had haunted his nightmares for three years.  Whiter than a skull, with large livid scarlet eyes and a flat snake-like nose with slits for nostrils. . .
Lord Voldemort was resurrected.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE - THE DEAD EATERS

Voldemort looked away from Harry and began to examine his own body.  His hands were like large pale spiders; his long white fingers caressed his own chest, his arms, his face; the red eyes, whose pupils were slit like those of cats, shone even more brightly in the darkness.  He raised his hands and flexed his fingers, his expression delighted and exultant.  He didn't pay the slightest attention to Wormtail, who lay twitching and bleeding on the ground, or to the large snake.e, who had come back into view and was once again circling Harry, hissing. Voldemort slipped one of those abnormally long hands into a deep pocket and pulled out a wand.  He stroked it gently too; then he lifted it and pointed it at Wormtail, who was lifted off the ground and thrown against the tombstone where Harry was tied; he fell at the foot and lay there, broken down and crying.  Voldemort turned his scarlet eyes on Harry, laughing a high-pitched, cold, joyless laugh.
Wormtail's robes shone with blood now; he had wrapped the stump of his arm in it.
"My lord . . ." he choked, "My Lord... you promised... you promised..."
"Stretch out your arm," Voldemort said lazily.
"Oh Master...thank you, Master..."
He stretched out the bleeding stump, but Voldemort laughed again.
"The other arm, Wormtail."
"Master, please...please..."
Voldemort leaned down and removed Wormtail's left arm; He pulled the sleeve of Wormtail's robes up to his elbow, and Harry saw something on the skin, something like a bright red tattoo - a skull with a snake protruding from its mouth - the image that had appeared in the heaven at Quidditch World. Cut: The Dark Mark. Voldemort examined him carefully, ignoring Wormtail's uncontrollable cries.
"He's come back," he said softly, "they'll all have noticed...and now we'll see...now we'll know..."
He pressed his long white index finger to the mark on Wormtail's arm.
The scar on Harry's forehead burned with sharp pain again, and Wormtail let out another howl; Voldemort removed his fingers from Wormtail's mark, and Harry saw that it had turned jet black.
A look of cruel satisfaction on his face, Voldemort straightened up, threw his head back and looked around at the dark graveyard.
“How many will be brave enough to come back when they feel it?”  he whispered, his bright red eyes fixed on the stars.  “And how many will be stupid enough to stay away?”
He began to pace back and forth in front of Harry and Wormtail, his eyes scanning the graveyard the entire time.  After about a minute, he looked down at Harry again, a cruel smile twisting his snake-like face.
"You are standing, Harry Potter, over the remains of my late father," he hissed softly.  "A Muggle and a fool... very much like your dear mother. But they both had their uses, didn't they? Your mother died to defend you when you were a child... and I killed my father, and see how useful he proved himself, in death..."
Voldemort laughed again.  He walked up and down, looking all around him as he walked, and the snake kept circling in the grass.
"See that house on the hillside, Potter? My father lived there. My mother, a witch who lived here in this village, fell in love with him. But he abandoned her when she told him who she was. ...He I didn't like magic, my father.
"He left her and returned to his Muggle parents before I was even born. Potter, and she died giving birth to me, leaving me to grow up in a Muggle orphanage... but I swore to find him... I took revenge on him, this idiot who gave me his name.
He continued to pace, his red eyes darting from grave to grave.
"Listen to me, relive the family history..." he said softly, "well, I'm getting quite sentimental... But look, Harry! My real family is coming back…”
The air was suddenly filled with the rustling of coats.  Between the graves, behind the yew tree, in every dark space, wizards apparated.  All were hooded and masked.  And one by one, they moved forward. . . slowly, carefully, as if they could
I can hardly believe their eyes. Voldemort stood silently, waiting for them.  Then one of the Death Eaters fell to his knees, crawled towards Voldemort and kissed the hem of his black robes.
Master . . . Master,” he whispered.
The Death Eaters behind him did the same; each of them approaching the kneeling Voldemort and kissing his robes, before stepping back and rising, forming a silent circle that enclosed the grave of Tom Riddle, Harry, Voldemort and the heap of sobbing and twitching that was Wormtail.  Yet they left empty spaces in the circle, as if they were waiting for more people.  Voldemort, however, didn't seem to expect any better.  He looked around at the hooded faces, and although there was no rustling of wind, he seemed to be running around the circle, as if he had shivered.
"Welcome, Death Eaters," Voldemort said softly. "Thirteen years...thirteen years since we last met. Yet you answer my call as if it were yesterday, so we are still united under the Dark Mark! Or are we?"
He put his terrible face down and sniffed, his slit nostrils flaring.
“I feel guilty,” he said.  “There is a smell of guilt in the air.
A second shudder ran through the circle, as if each member longed, but did not dare move away from him.
"I see you all whole and healthy, with your powers intact - such rapid apparitions! and I wonder... why did this band of wizards never come to the aid of their farm.ter, to whom they swore eternal loyalty?
Nobody spoke.  No one moved except Wormtail, who was on the ground, still sobbing into his bloody arm.  
"And I answer myself," Voldemort whispered, "they must have thought me broken, they thought I was gone. They slipped among my enemies, and they pleaded innocence, ignorance and bewitchment. .
"And then I wonder: how could they have believed that I would not rise again? They, who knew the measures I had taken, long ago, to protect myself against mortal death? They, who had seen the proof of the immensity of my power back when I was more powerful than any living wizard?
"And I answer myself, perhaps they believed that an even greater power could exist, a power that could defeat even Lord Voldemort... perhaps they now pledge allegiance to another... perhaps- to be that champion of commoners, Mudbloods and Muggles, Albus Dumbledore?
At the mention of Dumbledore's name, the members of the circle stirred, and some muttered and shook their heads. Voldemort ignored them.
"It's a disappointment for me... I admit I'm disappointed..."
One of the men suddenly lunged forward, breaking the circle.  Shaking from head to toe, he collapsed at Voldemort's feet.
"Master!" he cried out, “Master, forgive me! Forgive us all!”
Voldemort started laughing.  He raised his wand.
“Crucio! »
The Death Eater on the ground writhed and screamed; Harry was sure that the sound must have carried to the surrounding houses. . . . Let the police come, he thought desperately. . . anybody . .. Nothing. . .
Voldemort raised his wand.  The tortured Death Eater lay flat on the ground, panting.
"Get up, Avery," Voldemort said softly. "Get up. Are you asking for forgiveness? I don't forgive. I don't forget. Thirteen long years... I want thirteen years of repayment before I forgive you. Wormtail has already paid part of his debt, is not "Isn't that right, Wormtail?"
He looked down at Wormtail, who continued to sob.
“You came back to me, not out of loyalty, but out of fear of your old friends. You deserve this pain, Wormtail. You know that, don't you?
"Yes, Master," Wormtail moaned, "please. Master...please..."
"Yet you helped me find my body," Voldemort said coldly, watching Wormtail sob on the ground.  "Useless and traitorous as you are, you helped me... and Lord Voldemort rewards his helpers..."
Voldemort raised his wand again and twirled it in the air.  A trail of what looked like molten silver glowed in the wand's wake.  Momentarily formless, it twisted and then transformed into a glowing replica of a human hand, bright as moonlight, which flew downward and attached itself to Wormtail's bleeding wrist.
Wormtail's sobs stopped abruptly.  His breathing harsh and uneven, he raised his head and stared in disbelief at the silver hand, now perfectly attached to his arm, as if he were wearing a dazzling glove.  He flexed his glowing fingers, then, trembling, picked up a small twig from the ground and ground it into powder.
“My Lord,” he whispered. "Master...it's beautiful...thank you...thank you..."
He knelt down and kissed the hem of Voldemort's robes.
"May your loyalty never waver again, Wormtail," Voldemort said.
"No, my Lord... never, my Lord..."
Wormtail stood and took his place in the circle, staring at his powerful new hand, his face still glistening with tears.  Voldemort now approached the man to Wormtail's right.
"Lucius, my slippery friend," he whispered, stopping in front of him.  "I have been told that you have not renounced the old ways, even though you present a respectable face to the world. You are always ready to take the lead in a situation of Muggle torture, I believe? Yet you have not never tried to find me, Lucius. Your exploits at the Quidditch World Cup were amusing, I dare say, but wouldn't your energies have been better directed towards finding and helping your master?
"My Lord, I was constantly on alert," Lucius Malfoy's voice said quickly from under the hood.  "If there had been the slightest sign from you, the slightest whisper of where you were, I would have been at your side immediately, nothing could have stopped me -"
"And yet you fled my Mark, when a loyal Death Eater sent it into the sky last summer?"  Voldemort said lazily, and Mr. Malfoy abruptly stopped speaking.  "Yes, I know all about that, Lucius. . . . You have disappointed me. ...I expect more faithful service in the future."
"Of course, my Lord, of course. . . . You are merciful, thank you...."
Voldemort walked forward and stopped, staring at the space – big enough for two people – that separated Malfoy and the next man.
"The Lestranges should stay here," Voldemort said softly.  "But they are buried in Azkaban. They were loyal. They went to Azkaban rather than give up on me... When Azkaban is opened, the Lestranges will be honored beyond their dreams. The Dementors will join us... they are our natural allies... we will recall the banished giants... I willI have found all my devoted servants, as well as an army of creatures that all fear. ..."
He continued on his way. He passed some Death Eaters in silence, but he stopped in front of the others and spoke to them.
"Macnair... destroying dangerous beasts for the Ministry of Magic now, Wormtail told me? You will soon have better victims than that, Macnair. Lord Voldemort will provide you with some...."
“Thank you, Master...thank you,” Macnair murmured.
"And here" - Voldemort moved to the two larger hooded figures - "we have Crabbe... you'll do better this time, won't you, Crabbe? And you, Goyle?"
They bowed awkwardly, muttering in low voices.
"Yes Master ..."
"We will, Master..."
"The same goes for you, Nott," Voldemort said softly as he passed a hunched figure in Mr. Goyle's shadow.
“My Lord, I bow before You, I am your most faithful –”
"That will do," Voldemort said.
He had reached the largest hole of all and he was examining it with his empty red eyes, as if he could see people standing there.
"And here we have six Death Eaters missing... three dead in my service. One, too cowardly to return... he will pay. One, who I believe has left me forever... he will be killed, of course. and one, who remains my most faithful servant, and who has already returned to my service.
The Death Eaters stirred and Harry saw their eyes staring at each other through their masks.
"He is at Hogwarts, this faithful servant, and it is thanks to his efforts that our young friend arrived here this evening. . . .
"Yes," Voldemort said, a smile drawing his lipless mouth as the eyes of the circle glowed in Harry's direction.  "Harry Potter kindly joined us for my rebirth party. You could go so far as to call him my guest of honor."
There was a silence.  Then the Death Eater to Wormtail's right stepped forward, and the voice of Lucius Malfoy spoke from beneath the mask.
"Master, we thirst to know... we beg you to tell us... how you achieved this... this miracle... how you managed to return to us...."
"Ah, what a story, Lucius," Voldemort said.  “And it begins – and ends – with my young friend here.”
He lazily walked over to stand next to Harry, so that the eyes of the entire circle were on the two of them.  The snake continued to spin.
“You know, of course, that they called that boy my loss?”  Voldemort said softly, his red eyes resting on Harry, whose scar was beginning to burn so fiercely that he was almost screaming in agony.  "You all know that the night I lost my powers and my body, I tried to kill him. His mother died trying to save him - and unwittingly provided him with protection that I admit I didn't I didn't plan... I couldn't touch the boy.
Voldemort raised one of his long white fingers and placed it very close to Harry's cheek.
"His mother left traces of other sacrifices on him... It's old magic, I should have remembered it, I was stupid to ignore it... but it doesn't matter. I can touch it now."
Harry felt the cold tip of the long white finger touch him, and thought his head would burst from the pain. Voldemort laughed softly in his ear, then removed his finger and continued to address the Death Eaters.
"I miscalculated, my friends, I admit it. My curse was diverted by the woman's senseless sacrifice, and it rebounded on me. Aaah...pain beyond pain, my friends ; nothing could have prepared me for it. I was torn from my body, I was less than a spirit, less than the slightest ghost but still, I was alive, even I, who went further. far from anyone on the path to immortality You know my goal: to defeat death, and now I have been tested, and it appears that one or more of my experiments has worked... because. I had not been killed, although the curse should have done so. I was as helpless as the weakest creature in the world, and without means to help myself... for I had no body, and every spell that could have helped me required the use of a wand.
"I remember only forcing myself, without sleeping, endlessly, second by second, to exist. ... I settled in a distant place, in a forest, and I waited. . . . Surely, one of my faithful Death Eaters would try to find me, one of them would come and do the magic I couldn't, to give me a body again, but I waited in vain.
The shiver once again ran through the circle of listening Death Eaters.  Voldemort let the silence grow horribly before continuing.
"Only one power remained to me. I could possess the bodies of others. But I did not dare go where there were many other humans, because I knew that the Aurors were still abroad and looking for me.
I sometimes inhabited animals - snakes, of course, being my preference - but I was little better inside them than as pure spirit, for their bodies were poorly adapted to the exercise of Magic. . . and my possession of them has shortened their lives; none of them lasted long. . . .
"Then... four years ago... thethe means of my return seemed assured.  A wizard - young, foolish and gullible - wandered my way in the forest where I had taken up residence.  Oh, he seemed to be the chance I had dreamed of... for he was a professor at Dumbledore's school... he was easy to bend to my will... he brought me back to this country, and after a while, I took possession of his body to watch him closely while he carried out my orders.  But my plan failed.  I failed to steal the Sorcerer's Stone.  I was not to be assured of an immortal life.  I was upset. . . thwarted, once again, by Harry Potter. ..."
Silence once again; nothing moved, not even the leaves of the yew tree.  The Death Eaters were completely still, their glowing eyes in their masks fixed on Voldemort and Harry.
"The servant died when I left his body, and I remained as weak as ever," Voldemort continued.  "I returned to my hiding place far away, and I won't pretend that I wasn't then afraid of never regaining my powers. . . . Yes, it was perhaps my darkest hour... I I couldn't hope that I would be sent by another wizard to possess him... and I had now lost all hope that any of my Death Eaters would care what I had become..."
One or two of the masked wizards in the circle shifted uncomfortably, but Voldemort paid them no mind.
"And then, barely a year ago, when I had almost given up all hope, it finally happened... a servant came back to me. Wormtail here, who had faked his own death to escape the justice, was chased from his hiding place by these he had once counted himself friends and decided to return to his master He looked for me in the country where it had long been rumored that I was hiding, helped, well. sure, by the rats he had met on the way. affinity with rats, right, Wormtail? His dirty little friends told him that there was a place, deep in an Albanian forest, that they avoided, where small animals like them were killed by a dark shadow that possessed them.
"But his journey back to me was not easy, was it, Wormtail? For, hungry one night, at the very edge of the forest where he had hoped to find me, he foolishly stopped in an inn to eat a little... and who should he meet there, if not a certain Bertha Jorkins, a witch from the Ministry of Magic.
"Now see how fate favors Lord Voldemort. This could have been the end of Wormtail and my last hope of regeneration. But Wormtail - showing a presence of mind I would never have expected from him - convinced Bertha Jorkins to accompany him on a night walk He overpowered her... he brought her to me, and Bertha Jorkins, who could have ruined everything, turned out to be a gift to the. -beyond my wildest dreams... because - with a little persuasion - it became a veritable mine of information.
"She told me that the Triwizard Tournament would be played at Hogwarts this year. She told me that she knew a loyal Death Eater who would be only too willing to help me, if only I could contact him. She told me many things.. but the means I used to break the memory spell on her were powerful, and when I extracted all the useful information from her, her mind and body were all. two irreparable. She had now achieved her goal, I could no longer possess her.
Voldemort smiled his terrible smile, his red eyes empty and unforgiving.
"Wormtail's body, of course, was ill-suited for possession, as everyone assumed him to be dead, and would attract far too much attention if noticed. However, he was the able-bodied servant I needed, and, poor as he was, Wormtail was capable of following the instructions I had given him, which would return me to my own rudimentary and weak body, a body that I could inhabit while awaiting the essential ingredients of true rebirth. ...a spell or two of my own invention...a little help from my dear Nagini," Voldemort's red eyes fell on the continually spinning snake, "a potion concocted from unicorn blood, and the snake venom provided by Nagini... I was soon returned to almost human form, and strong enough to travel.
"There was no longer any hope of stealing the Sorcerer's Stone, for I knew that Dumbledore would have ensured that it was destroyed. But I was ready to embrace mortal life again, before pursuing immortality . I looked down... I would be happy to find my old body and my old strength.
"I knew that to achieve this - it's an old piece of Dark Magic, the potion that revived me tonight - I would need three powerful ingredients. Well, one of them was already within reach of hand, isn't it, Wormtail?
“My father's bone, of course, meant that we had to come here, to where he was buried. But the blood of an enemy... Wormtail would have made me use any wizard, wouldn't he, Wormtail? Any wizard who had hated me...like so many of them still do. But I knew the one I must use, if I was to rise again, more powerful than I had been when I fell.ry Potters blood.  I wanted the blood of the man who stripped me of power thirteen years ago. . . for the lingering protection his mother had once given him would then also reside in my veins. . . .
"But how do we get to Harry Potter? For he has been better protected than I think he even knows, protected by means designed by Dumbledore long ago, when it fell to him to organize the boy's future. Dumbledore has invoked ancient magic, to ensure the boy's protection while he is in the care of his loved ones and Dumbledore, but even I cannot touch him there. not yet strong enough to attempt a kidnapping in the middle of a horde of Ministry wizards And then the boy would return to Hogwarts, where he is under the hooked nose of this Muggle-loving fool from morning to night. how could I take him?
"Why… using information from Bertha Jorkins, of course. Use my trusty Death Eater, stationed at Hogwarts, to make sure the boy's name is in the Goblet of Fire. Use my Death Eater to make sure the boy has won the Cup - that he first touched the Triwizard Cup - the cup that my Death Eater had transformed into a Portkey, which would bring him here, beyond the reach of Dumbledore's help and protection, and in my waiting arms And here he is...the boy you all thought was my downfall...”
Voldemort walked forward slowly and turned to face Harry.  He raised his wand.
“Crucio! »
It was pain beyond anything Harry had ever felt; his bones were on fire; his head was surely split along his scar; his eyes rolled wildly in his head; he wanted it to end...to pass out...to die...
And then it's gone.  He hung limply from the ropes that bound him to Voldemort's father's tombstone, looking into those bright red eyes through a sort of mist.  The night echoed with the sound of Death Eaters' laughter.
"You see, I think, how stupid it was to suppose that this boy could have been stronger than me," Voldemort said.  "But I want there to be no mistake in anyone's mind. Harry Potter escaped me by serendipity. And I will now prove my power by killing him, here and now, before all of you, when there's no Dumbledore." to help him, and no mother will die for him. I'll give him a chance. He will be allowed to fight, and you will have no doubt which of us is stronger. Just a little more, Nagini," he whispered, and the snake slithered across the grass to where the Death Eaters were watching.
"Now untie him, Wormtail, and give him back his wand."

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR - INCANTATEM A PRIORI

Wormtail approached Harry, who scrambled to find his feet, to support his own weight before the ropes were untied.  Wormtail raised his new silver hand, pulled out the wad of cloth that was gagging Harry, then, with a single stroke, cut the bonds that bound Harry to the headstone.
There was perhaps a split second where Harry might have considered running, but his injured leg shook beneath him as he stood on the overgrown grave, while the Death Eaters closed ranks, forming a circle. tighter around him and Voldemort, so that the gaps where the missing Death Eaters should have been were filled.  Wormtail walked out of the circle to where Cedric's body lay and returned with Harry's wand, which he shoved roughly into Harry's hand without looking at him.  Then Wormtail resumed his place in the circle of Death Eaters.
“You were taught to duel. Harry Potter?  Voldemort said softly, his red eyes glowing in the darkness.
At these words, Harry remembered, as if from a past life, the Hogwarts dueling club he had briefly participated in two years ago. ...All he learned there was the disarming spell, "Expelliarmus". . . and what good would it do to deprive Voldemort of his wand, even if he could, when he was surrounded by Death Eaters, outnumbered at least thirty to one?  He had never learned anything that could help him do that.  He knew he was facing the very thing Moody had always warned about. . . the unblockable curse of Avada Kedavra - and Voldemort was right - his mother was not there to die for him this time. ... He was completely unprotected. . . .
"We bow to each other. Harry," Voldemort said, bending down a little, but keeping his snake face turned towards Harry.  "Come, niceties must be respected. . . . Dumbledore would like you to show good manners. . . . Bow to death, Harry. . . ."
The Death Eaters laughed again.  Voldemort's lipless mouth smiled.  Harry didn't bow.  He wasn't going to let Voldemort play with him before killing him… he wasn't going to give him that satisfaction. . . .
"I said, bow," Voldemort said, raising his wand - and Harry felt his spine arch as if a huge, invisible hand were mercilessly bending him forward, and the Death Eaters laughed loudly.uh than ever.
"Very well," Voldemort said softly, and as he raised his wand, the pressure on Harry dissipated as well.  "And now you face me, like a man... upright and proud, like your father died. . . .
“And now we duel.”
Voldemort raised his wand, and before Harry could do anything to defend himself, before he could even move, he was struck by the Cruciatus Curse again.  The pain was so intense, so consuming, that he no longer knew where he was. . . . White-hot knives were cutting through every inch of his skin, his head was sure to burst with pain, he was screaming louder than he had ever screamed in his life -
And then it stopped. Harry turned around and got up quickly; he was shaking as uncontrollably as Wormtail had when his hand had been cut off; He staggered sideways into the wall of watching Death Eaters, and they pushed him back, towards Voldemort.
"A little break," Voldemort said, his nostrils flared with excitement, "a little break... It hurts, doesn't it. Harry? You don't want me to do that again, don't you is this not ?"
Harry didn't answer.  He was going to die like Cedric, those merciless red eyes told him… he was going to die, and there was nothing he could do about it… but he wasn't going to play along. He wasn't going to obey Voldemort… he wasn't going to beg him. . . .
"I asked you if you wanted me to do that again," Voldemort said softly.  "Answer me! Imperial"
And Harry felt, for the third time in his life, the sensation that his mind had been erased of all thoughts. . . . Ah, it was a joy not to think, it was like he was floating, dreaming...just answer no...say no...just answer no. ...
I won't, said a louder voice behind his head, I won't answer. . . .
Just answer no. . . .
I won't do it, I won't say it. ...
Just answer no. . . .
"I will not do it!"
And those words burst from Harry's mouth; they echoed in the cemetery, and the dream state disappeared as suddenly as if cold water had been thrown on him - the pains that the Cruciatus Curse had left all over his body rushed back - the return rushed towards the realization of where he was and what he was facing. . . .
“You won’t?” Voldemort said softly, and the Death Eaters were no longer laughing now. "You don't say no? Harry, obedience is a virtue I must teach you before I die... Maybe another little dose of pain?"
Voldemort raised his wand, but this time Harry was ready; with the reflexes born from his Quidditch training, he threw himself sideways onto the ground; He rolled behind the marble tombstone of Voldemort's father, and he heard it crack as the curse missed him.
"We are not playing hide and seek, Harry," Voldemort's soft, cold voice said, moving closer, as the Death Eaters laughed.  "You can't hide from me. Does that mean you're tired of our duel? Does that mean you'd rather I end it now, Harry? Come out, Harry... go out and play, then... it'll be quick... it might even be painless... I wouldn't know... I've never died.
Harry crouched behind the headstone and knew the end had come.  There was no hope...no help to be had.  And as he heard Voldemort draw ever closer, he only knew one thing, and it was beyond fear or reason: he was not going to die crouching here like a child playing hide and seek. -hidden ; he wasn't going to die on his knees at Voldemort's feet...he was going to die standing like his father, and he was going to die trying to defend himself, even if no defense was possible. . . .
Before Voldemort could stick his snake face around the headstone.  Harry stood up...he gripped his wand tightly in his hand, held it out in front of him and threw himself around the headstone, facing Voldemort.
Voldemort was ready.  As Harry shouted, "Expelliarmus!" Voldemort shouted, "Avada Kedavra!"
A jet of green light erupted from Voldemort's wand just as a jet of red light erupted from Harry's - they met in the air - and suddenly Harry's wand vibrated as if an electric charge was passing through it; his hand seized around it; he couldn't have let go if he wanted to – and a narrow beam of light connected the two wands, neither red nor green, but a bright, deep gold.  Harry, following the beam of his astonished gaze, saw that Voldemort's long white fingers were also gripping a wand that was trembling and vibrating.
And then – nothing could have prepared Harry for this – he felt his feet lift off the ground.  Both he and Voldemort were high in the air, their wands still connected by that thread of shimmering golden light.  They walked away from Voldemort's father's headstone and then stopped on an open field free of graves. . . . The Death Eaters were screaming; they asked Voldemort for instructions; they were getting closer, forming the circle around Harry and Voldemort, the snake slithering at their heels, some of them drawing their wands -
The goldenthe thread connecting Harry and Voldemort has broken; Although the wands remained connected, a thousand other rays arced over Harry and Voldemort, crisscrossing all around them, until they were encased in a golden domed web. , A
cage of light, beyond which the Death Eaters circled like jackals, their cries strangely muffled now. . . .
"Do not do anything!"  Voldemort shouted at the Death Eaters, and Harry saw his red eyes widen in astonishment at what was happening, saw him struggle to break the thread of light that still connected his wand to Harry's; Harry held his wand more firmly, with both hands, and the golden thread remained intact.  “Don’t do anything unless I order you to!”  Voldemort shouted at the Death Eaters.
And then an unearthly, beautiful sound filled the air. ...It came from every thread of the web woven by the light vibrating around Harry and Voldemort.  It was a sound Harry recognized, even though he had only heard it once in his life: the song of the phoenix.
It was a sound of hope for Harry. . . the most beautiful and welcome thing he had ever heard in his life. . . . He felt like the song was inside him rather than around him. …It was the sound he connected with Dumbledore, and it was almost like a friend was speaking in his ear. . . .
Don't break the connection.
I know.  Harry said to the music, I know I shouldn't. . . but no sooner had he thought about it than the thing became much more difficult to do.  His wand began to vibrate more powerfully than ever. . . and now the beam between him and Voldemort was changing too... it was as if large beads of light were sliding up and down the wire connecting the wands - Harry felt his wand quiver beneath his hand as the beads of light began to slide slowly. and steadily his way. . . . The direction of the rays' movement was now towards him, coming from Voldemort, and he felt his wand quiver in anger. . . .
As the nearest bead of light moved closer to the tip of Harry's wand, the wood beneath his fingers grew so hot he feared it would burst into flames.  The closer this pearl got, the harder Harry's wand vibrated; he was sure his wand wouldn't survive his touch; it felt like it was about to break under her fingers -
He focused every particle of his mind on pushing the pearl back towards Voldemort, his ears full of phoenix chants, his eyes furious, staring. . . and slowly, very slowly, the beads stopped, and then, just as slowly, they began to move in the other direction. . . and it was Voldemort's wand that was vibrating very loudly now. . . Voldemort who looked surprised and almost fearful. . . .
One of the beads of light trembled, inches from the tip of Voldemort's wand.  Harry didn't understand why he was doing this, he didn't know what it could bring. . . but he concentrated now like he never had in his life on forcing that pearl of light right back into Voldemort's wand. . . and slowly. . . very slowly... he moved along the golden thread... he trembled for a moment. . . and then he connected. . . .
Immediately, Voldemort's wand began to emit echoing screams of pain. . . then – Voldemort's red eyes widened in shock – a dense, smoky hand flew out from the tip and disappeared. . . the ghost of the hand he had made Wormtail. . . more cries of pain. . . and then something much larger began to bloom from the tip of Voldemort's wand, a large grayish something, which seemed to be made of the most solid and dense smoke. ...It was a head. . . now a chest and arms. . . Cedric Diggory's torso.
If ever Harry could have released his wand in shock, it would have been then, but his instincts held him tightly in his arms, so that the thread of golden light remained unbroken, even as the thick ghost gray by Cédric Diggory (was it a ghost)? it seemed so
solid) emerged in its entirety from the tip of Voldemort's wand, as if emerging from a very narrow tunnel. . . and this shadow of Cedric stood up, looked up and down the golden thread of light, and spoke.
"Wait. Harry," he said.
His voice was distant and echoing.  Harry looked at Voldemort... his big red eyes were still shocked... he didn't expect it any more than Harry did. . . and very vaguely. Harry heard the frightened screams of the Death Eaters, hovering around the edges of the golden dome. .
More cries of pain coming from the wand. . . and then something else emerged from its tip... the dense shadow of a second head, quickly followed by the arms and torso... an old man Harry had only seen in a dream was now pushing himself out of the end of the wand just like Cedric had done. . . and his ghost, or shadow, or whatever it was, fell next to Cedric's, and observed Harry and Voldemort, and the golden web and the connected wands, with slight surprise, leaning on his cane. . . .
“So he was a real wizard?”  » said the old man, his eyes fixed on Voldemort.  "He killed me, this one did it. . . . You fight him, boy. . . ."
But already, yet another head withas if emerging... and this head, gray as a smoky statue, was that of a woman. . . . Harry, both arms now shaking as he struggled to keep his wand still, saw her fall to the ground and stand up like the others, staring at her. . . .
The shadow of Bertha Jorkins watched the battle before her with wide eyes.
“Don’t let go now!”  she shouted, and her voice resonated like Cedric's as if it came from very far away.  "Don't let him grab you, Harry – don't let go!"
She and the two other shadow figures began to pace the inner walls of the golden web, while the Death Eaters fluttered outside... and Voldemort's dead victims whispered as they surrounded the duelists, muttering words of encouragement to Harry, and hissed words that Harry couldn't hear to Voldemort.
And now, another head emerged from the tip of Voldemort's wand. . . and Harry knew when he saw it who it would be...he knew it, as if he had expected it from the moment Cedric had taken out the wand. . . he knew it, because the man who appeared was the one he had thought about more than any other this evening. . . .
The smoky shadow of a tall man with messy hair fell to the ground as Bertha had done, stood up and looked at him. . . and Harry, his arms now shaking wildly, looked back into his father's ghostly face.
“Your mother is coming…” he said softly.  "She wants to see you... everything will be fine... wait..."
And she came. . . first her head, then her body... a long-haired young woman, the smoky, dark form of Lily Potter blossomed from the tip of Voldemort's wand, fell to the ground, and stood up like her husband.  She approached Harry, looking at him, and she spoke in the same distant, echoing voice as the others, but softly, so that Voldemort, his face now white with fear as his victims prowled around him, could not not hear it. . ..
"When the connection is broken, we will only linger for a few moments... but we will give you time... you need to get to the Portkey, it will take you back to Hogwarts... do you understand, Harry?"
"Yes," Harry panted, now struggling to keep hold of his wand, which was slipping and sliding beneath his fingers.
"Harry..." Cedric's figure whispered, "take my body back, will you? Take my body back to my parents,..."
"I will," Harry said, his face distorted with the effort of holding the wand.
"Do it now," his father's voice whispered, "be ready to run...do it now..."
"NOW!"  » Harry shouted; he didn't think he could have lasted another moment anyway – he pulled his wand upwards with an almighty wrench, and the golden thread snapped; the cage of light disappeared, the song of the phoenix died out - but the dark silhouettes of Voldemort's victims did not disappear - they moved closer to Voldemort, protecting Harry from his gaze -
And Harry ran like he had never run in his life, knocking over two stunned Death Eaters in his path; he zigzagged behind the tombstones, feeling their curses follow him, hearing them hit the tombstones - he dodged the curses and the tombstones, rushing towards Cedric's body, no longer aware of the pain in his leg, all his be focused on what he had to do -
“Stun him!” he heard Voldemort scream.
Ten feet from Cedric, Harry dove behind a marble angel to avoid the jets of red light and saw the tip of its wing break under the spells that struck it.  Gripping his wand tighter, he rushed after the angel -
“Impediments! "" he bellowed, pointing his wand wildly over his shoulder at the Death Eaters running towards him.
From a muffled cry, he thought he had arrested at least one, but he did not have time to stop and look; he jumped over the cup and dove, hearing other wand strokes behind him; more jets of light flew over his head as he fell, reaching out to grab Cedric's arm...
"Get out of the way! I'll kill him! He's mine!" » Voldemort shouted.  Harry's hand closed around Cedric's wrist; a tombstone stood between him and Voldemort, but Cedric was too heavy to carry, and the cup was out of reach -
Voldemort's red eyes glowed in the darkness. Harry saw his mouth curve into a smile and saw him raise his wand.
“Acco!” » Harry shouted, pointing his wand at the Triwizard Cup.  He flew into the air and rushed towards him.  Harry grabbed it by the handle -
He heard Voldemort's scream of fury at the same moment he felt the jolt behind his navel that meant the Portkey had worked - it was pulling him into a whirlwind of wind and color, and Cedric with it. . . . They were coming back.

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE - VERITASERUM

Harry felt himself crash into the ground; his face was buried in the grass; its smell filled his nostrils.  He had closed his eyes while the Portkey transported him, and he kept them closed now.  He didn't move.  He seemed to have lost all his breath; his head was spinning so hard it felt like the ground beneath him was rocking like the deck of a ship.  To stay steady, he tightened his grip on the two things he was holding.until he grabs: the soft, cold handle of the Triwizard Cup and Cedric's body.  He felt like he would slip into the darkness gathering at the edges of his brain if he let go of one of them.  Shock and exhaustion kept him on the ground, breathing in the scent of weed, waiting. . . wait for someone to do something. . . something must happen. . . and all the while his scar burned dully on his forehead. . . .
A torrent of sounds deafened and disturbed him; there were voices everywhere, footsteps, screams. ... He stayed where he was, his face contorted by the noise, as if it were a nightmare that was about to pass. . . .
Then two hands grabbed him roughly and turned him around.
"Harry! Harry!"
He opened his eyes.
He was looking up at the starry sky and Albus Dumbledore was crouching above him. The dark shadows of a crowd of people crowded around them, drawing closer; Harry felt the ground beneath his head echo with their footsteps.
He had returned to the edge of the labyrinth.  He could see the stands rising above him, the shapes of the people moving through them, the stars above.
Harry dropped the cup, but he hugged Cedric even tighter.  He raised his free hand and grabbed Dumbledore's wrist, while Dumbledore's face swam intermittently.
"He's back," Harry whispered.  "He's back. Voldemort."
" What is going on ? What happened ?
Cornelius Fudge's face appeared upside down above Harry; he looked white, dismayed.
“My God – Diggory!”  he whispered.  "Dumbledore – he's dead!"
The words were repeated, the dark figures pressing on them panting to those around them. . . and then others shouted it – screamed it – into the night – “He’s dead!”  "He is dead!"  "Cedric Diggory! Dead!"
"Harry, let him go," he heard Fudge's voice say, and he felt fingers trying to pull him out of Cedric's limp body, but Harry wouldn't let him go.  Then Dumbledore's face, which was still blurry and foggy, came closer. 
"Harry, you can't help him now. It's over. Let go."
"He wanted me to bring him back," Harry mumbled – it seemed important to explain.  “He wanted me to take him back to his parents….”
"That's right. Harry… let go now. . . ."
Dumbledore reached down and, with extraordinary strength for such an old and thin man, lifted Harry from the ground and to his feet.  Harry staggered.  His head was pounding. His injured leg could no longer support his weight.  The crowd around them jostled, struggling to get closer, pressing darkly against him - "What happened?" "What's wrong with him?" “Diggory is dead!”
“He’s going to have to go to the infirmary!”  » Fudge said out loud.  "He's sick, he's injured - Dumbledore, Diggory's parents, they're there, they're in the stands...."
"I'll take Harry, Dumbledore, I'll take him -"
"No, I'd rather-"
"Dumbledore, Amos Diggorys is running... he's coming... Don't you think you should tell him - before he sees -?"
"Harry, stay here -"
The girls were screaming, sobbing hysterically... The scene was unfolding strangely before Harry's eyes. . . .
"It's okay, my son, I have you... go... to the infirmary..."
"Dumbledore said to stay," Harry said thickly, the pounding in his scar making him feel like he was about to throw up; his vision was blurrier than ever.
"You need to lie down... Come on now..."
Someone bigger and stronger than him was half-pulling him, half-carrying him through the frightened crowd.  Harry heard people gasping and screaming and screaming as the man supporting him pushed his way through them, carrying him back to the castle.  Across the lawn, past the lake and the Durmstrang ship, Harry heard nothing but the heavy breathing of the man helping him walk.
" What happened. Harry?  the man finally asked as he lifted Harry up the stone steps. Clown.  Clown.  Clown.  It was Mad-Eye Moody.
"Cup was a Portkey," Harry said as they walked through the entrance hall.  "Cedric and I were taken to a cemetery... and Voldemort was there... Lord Voldemort..."
Clown.  Clown.  Clown.  Go up the marble stairs. . .
"The Dark Lord was there?" What happened next ?
"They killed Cedric... they killed Cedric..."
"And then?"
Clown.  Clown.  Clown.  Along the corridor. . .
"I made a potion...I got his body..."
"The Dark Lord has his body back?" He is back ?
“And the Death Eaters came…and then we dueled….”
“You dueled with the Dark Lord?”
"I left...my wand...did something funny. ...I saw my mom and dad...they came out of his wand...."
"Here. Harry... here, and sit down. . . . Everything will be fine now. . . drink this...."
Harry heard a key scratch in a lock and felt a cup being pushed into his hands.
"Drink it...you'll feel better...come on, now. Harry, I need to know exactly what happened...."
Moody helped Harry get the thing down his throat; he coughed, a peppery taste burning his throat. Moody's office became more visible, as did Moody himself. ...He looked so whiteas Fudge had looked at him, and both his eyes were fixed unblinkingly on Harry's face.
"Is Voldemort back, Harry?" Are you sure he's back? How did he do it?
"He took things from his father's grave, from Wormtail and from me," Harry said.  His head seemed clearer; his scar didn't hurt that much; he could now see Moody's face clearly, even though the office was dark.  He could still hear shouts and screams coming from the distant Quidditch pitch.
"What did the Dark Lord take from you?" Moody said.
"Blood," Harry said, raising his arm.  His sleeve was torn where Wormtail's dagger had torn it.
Moody let out a long, low whistle.
"What about the Death Eaters?" They came back ?
"Yes," Harry said.  "There are plenty..."
“How did he treat them?  » Moody asked softly.  “Has he forgiven them?
But Harry had suddenly remembered.  He should have told Dumbledore, he should have told it right away -
"There's a Death Eater at Hogwarts! There's a Death Eater here - they put my name in the Goblet of Fire, they made sure I got to the end -"
Harry tried to get up, but Moody pushed him back.
"I know who the Death Eater is," he said softly.
“Karkaroff? » Harry said savagely.  "Where is it? Do you have it? Is it locked up?"
“Karkaroff? » said Moody with a strange laugh.  "Karkaroff fled tonight, when he felt the Dark Mark burning on his arm. He has betrayed too many of the Dark Lord's loyal followers to wish to meet them... but I doubt he will go far. The Dark Lord has ways of tracking down his enemies."
"Karkaroff left? He ran away? But then... he didn't put my name in the cup?"
"No," Moody said slowly.  "No, he didn't. I did it."
Harry heard, but didn't believe it.
“No, you didn’t,” he said.  "You didn't do that...you can't have done that..."
"I assure you I did," Moody said, and his magical eye turned and focused on the door, and Harry knew he was making sure there was no one outside.  At the same time, Moody took out his wand and pointed it at Harry.
“So he forgave them?”  he said.  "The Death Eaters who were freed? The ones who escaped Azkaban?"
"What?"  Harry said.
He looked at the wand Moody was pointing at him.  It was a bad joke, it had to be.
"I asked you," Moody said softly, "if he had forgiven those scum who never even came looking for him. Those perfidious cowards who wouldn't even brave Azkaban for him. The faithless, worthless scum who were brave enough to frolic in masks at the Quidditch World Cup, but I fled at the sight of the Dark Mark when I shot it into the sky.
“You shot... What are you talking about...?”
"I told you. Harry...I told you. If there's one thing I hate more than anything else, it's a Death Eater who was free. They turned their back on me. master when he needed it most. I expected him to punish him. I expected him to torture them.
hurt them, Harry. . . " Moody's face suddenly lit up with an insane smile. "Tell me he told them that I, I alone, remained faithful... ready to risk everything to deliver to him the only thing he wanted above all... you.
“You didn’t do it…it can’t be you….”
"Who put your name in the Goblet of Fire, under the name of a different school? I did it. Who scared away everyone who I thought might try to hurt you or stop you from winning the tournament? I did it. Who made Hagrid show you the dragons? Who helped you see the only way to defeat the dragon?
Moody's magical eye had now left the door.  It was fixed on Harry.  His lopsided mouth leered wider than ever.
"It has not been easy, Harry, to guide you through these tasks without arousing suspicion. I had to use all my cunning to keep my hand undetectable in your success. Dumbledore would have been very suspicious if you had handled everything too easily. As long as you entered this maze, preferably with a good head start, I knew I would have a chance to get rid of the other champions and leave the way clear for you to face. your stupidity. That was when I was most afraid we would fail, Potter. I knew you hadn't found the egg clue, so I had to give it to you. another clue…”
"You didn't," Harry said hoarsely.  “Cédric gave me the clue –”
"Who told Cedric to open it underwater? I did it. I trusted that he would pass the information on to you. Honest people are so easy to manipulate, Potter. I was sure that Cedric would like to reward you for telling him about dragons, and that's what he did. But even then,
Potter, even then you seemed to be failing.  I looked all the time…all those hours spent in the library.  Didn't you realize that the book you needed was in your dorm room all along?  I planted it there early, gave it to the Longbottom boy, don't you remember?  Magical aquatic plants of the Mediterranean.  He would have told you everything you needed to know about the wallflower.  II expected you to ask everyone and anyone for help.  Longbottom would have told you in an instant.  But you didn't do it. . . you didn't. . . . You have a side of pride and independence that could have ruined everything.
"So what could I do? Give you information from another innocent source. You told me at the Yule Ball that a house elf named Dobby gave you a Christmas present. I called the The elf in the staff room to collect some robes to clean I arranged a loud conversation with Professor McGonagall about the hostages that had been taken and whether Potter would think of using wallflower. My elf friend ran straight to Snape's office and then hurried to find you..."
Moody's wand was still pointed directly at Harry's heart.  Over his shoulder, misty shapes moved in the Foe-Glass on the wall.
"You stayed in that lake for so long, Potter, that I thought you had drowned. But luckily, Dumbledore took your idiocy for nobility and marked you for it. I breathed again.
"You had an easier time than you should have in this maze tonight, of course," Moody said.  "I patrolled around, able to see through the outer hedges, able to clear many obstacles in your path. I knocked out Fleur Delacour as she passed. I cast the Imperius Charm on Krum, so that he finishes Diggory and leaves your path to the cut is clear.
Harry looked at Moody.  He just didn't see how that could happen. ...Dumbledore's friend, the famous Auror. . . the one who had caught so many Death Eaters... It made no sense... no sense at all. ...
The foggy shapes of the Foe-Glass became sharper and more distinct.  Harry could see the outlines of three people over Moody's shoulder, coming closer and closer.  But Moody wasn't looking at them.  His magical eye was fixed on Harry.
"The Dark Lord failed to kill you. Potter, and he wanted to so bad," Moody whispered.  "Imagine how he will reward me when he finds out I did it for him. I gave you - the thing he needed most to regenerate - and then I killed you for him. I will be honored beyond of all the other Death Eaters I will be his dearest, his closest support.
Moody's normal eye was bulging, the magical eye fixed on Harry.  The door was barred, and Harry knew he would never reach his own wand in time. . . .
"The Dark Lord and I," Moody said, and he looked completely mad now, towering over Harry, looking at him, "have a lot in common. We both, for example, had very disappointing fathers. .very disappointing indeed. We both suffered the indignity, Harry, of bearing the name of these fathers. And we both had the very great pleasure... of killing our fathers to ensure the continued rise of the. Dark Order.
"You're crazy," Harry said - he couldn't help it - "you're crazy!"
“Crazy, am I?” Moody said, his voice rising uncontrollably.  "We'll see! We'll see who's mad, now that the Dark Lord is back, with me at his side! He's back, Harry Potter, you haven't conquered him - and now - I'll conquer you!"
Moody raised his wand, he opened his mouth; Harry plunged his own hand into his robes -
“Stupid!”  There was a blinding flash of red light, and with a loud crash and shatter, the door to Moody's office was destroyed -
Moody was thrown backwards onto the office floor.  Harry, still staring at where Moody's face was, saw Albus Dumbledore, Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall looking at him from the Foe-Glass.  He looked around and saw the three of them standing in the doorway, Dumbledore in front, his wand outstretched.
In that moment, Harry fully understood for the first time why people said that Dumbledore was the only wizard Voldemort ever feared.  The look on Dumbledore's face as he stared at the unconscious form of Mad-Eye Moody was more terrible than Harry could have imagined.  There was no kind smile on Dumbledore's face, no twinkle in the eyes behind the glasses.  There was cold fury in every line of the ancient face; a feeling of power radiated from Dumbledore as if radiating burning heat.
He entered the office, placed one foot under Moody's unconscious body and kicked him onto his back, so that his face was visible.  Snape followed him, looking into the Foe-Glass, where his own face was still visible, staring around the room.  Professor McGonagall went straight to Harry.
"Come on, Potter," she whispered.  The thin line of her mouth trembled as if she was about to cry.  "Come... infirmary..."
"No," Dumbledore said abruptly.
“Dumbledore, he should… look at him – he’s been through enough tonight…”
"He will stay, Minerva, because he needs to understand," Dumbledore said dryly. "Understanding is the first step towards acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. He needs to know who put him through the ordeal he endured tonight, and why",
"Moody," Harry said.  He was stillin a state of total disbelief.  "How could it have been Moody?"
"It's not Alastor Moody," Dumbledore said softly.  "You never knew Alastor Moody. The real Moody wouldn't have taken you out of my sight after what happened tonight. The moment he took you away, I knew – and I I followed."
Dumbledore leaned over Moody's limp form and put a hand inside his robes.  He took out Moody's flask and a set of keys on a ring.  Then he turned to Professors McGonagall and Snape.
"Severus, please fetch me the most powerful truth potion you have, then go down to the kitchens and bring the house elf called Winky. Minerva, kindly come down to Hagrid's house, where you You'll find a big black dog sitting in the pumpkin patch. Take the dog to my office, tell him I'll be with him shortly, then come back here.
If Snape or McGonagall found these instructions strange, they hid their confusion. They both immediately turned and left the office.  Dumbledore walked over to the chest with seven locks, inserted the first key into the lock and opened it.  It contained a mass of grimoires.  Dumbledore closed the chest, placed a second key in the second lock and opened the chest again.  The grimoires had disappeared; this time it contained an assortment of broken Sneako-scopes, parchment and quills, and what looked like a silver invisibility cloak.  Harry watched in astonishment as Dumbledore placed the third, fourth, fifth and sixth keys into their respective locks, reopening the chest each time and revealing different contents each time.  Then he placed the seventh key in the lock, opened the lid and Harry cried out in astonishment.
He was looking down into a sort of pit, an underground room, and lying on the ground ten feet below, apparently fast asleep, thin and hungry in appearance, was the real Mad-Eye Moody.  His wooden leg was missing, the socket that should have held the magical eye seemed empty under his eyelid, and pieces of his graying hair were missing.  Harry looked, stunned, between Moody sleeping in the trunk and the unconscious Moody lying on the office floor.
Dumbledore climbed into the trunk, lowered himself, and fell lightly to the ground next to the sleeping Moody.  He leaned over him.
“Stunned – controlled by the Imperius curse – very weak,” he said.  “Of course they should have kept him alive. Harry, throw away the imposter cloak – he's frozen. Madam Pomfrey will need to see him, but he does not appear to be in any immediate danger.
Harry did as he was told; Dumbledore covered Moody with the cloak, wrapped it around him and climbed out of the trunk again.  Then he picked up the flask from the desk, unscrewed it and turned it around.  A thick, sticky liquid splashed onto the office floor.
"Polyjuice Potion, Harry," Dumbledore said.  "You see the simplicity and the brilliance of it. Because Moody never drinks except from his flask, he is well known for that. The impostor had, of course, to keep the real Moody nearby, so that he could continue to make the potion. You see his hair…” Dumbledore looked down at the Moody in the trunk “The impostor has been cutting it all year, see where it’s patchy? But I think in all the excitement tonight our fake Moody may have forgotten to take it as often as he should have...on time. . every hour.
Dumbledore pulled the chair out of the desk and sat in it, his eyes fixed on Moody unconscious on the floor.  Harry looked at him too.  The minutes passed in silence... .
Then, before Harry's eyes, the face of the man on the ground began to change.  The scars disappeared, the skin became smooth; the mutilated nose became whole and began to shrink.  The long mane of graying gray hair receded into the scalp and took on the color of straw.  Suddenly, with a dull thud, the wooden leg fell as a normal leg grew back in its place; The next moment, the magic eyeball had popped out of the man's face and a real eye had replaced it; it rolled on the ground and continued to rotate in all directions.
Harry saw a man lying in front of him, pale skinned, lightly freckled, with a mop of blond hair.  He knew who he was.  He had seen him in Dumbledore's Pensieve, seen him being dragged out of court by the Dementors, trying to convince Mr. Crouch that he was innocent. . . but now his eyes were wrinkled and he looked much older. . . .
Hurried footsteps sounded in the corridor.  Snape had returned with Winky in pursuit.  Professor McGonagall was right behind them.
"Squat!"  » Snape said, stopping abruptly in the doorway.  “Barty Crouch! »
"Damn it," Professor McGonagall said, stopping in her tracks and looking at the man on the ground.
Dirty, disheveled, Winky looked around Snape's legs.  Her mouth opened wide and she let out a piercing scream.
“Master Barty, Master Barty, what are you doing here?
She threw herself forward at the young mang the man's chest.
"You killed him! You killed him! You are killed, the Master's son!"
"He's just stunned, Winky," Dumbledore said.  “Move aside, please.” Severus, do you have the potion?
Snape handed Dumbledore a small glass bottle containing a completely clear liquid: the Veritaserum with which he had threatened Harry in class.  Dumbledore stood up, leaned over the man on the ground, and pulled him into a sitting position against the wall beneath the Foe-Glass, in which the reflections of Dumbledore, Snape, and McGonagall were still staring back at them all.  Winky remained on her knees, trembling, her hands on her face.  Dumbledore forced the man to open his mouth and poured three drops into it.  Then he pointed his wand at the man's chest and said, "Ennervate."
Crouch's son opened his eyes.  His face was relaxed, his gaze unfocused.  Dumbledore knelt in front of him, so that their faces were level.
"Can you hear me?"  » Dumbledore asked softly.
The man's eyelids blinked.
“Yes,” he muttered.
"I would like you to tell us," Dumbledore said softly, "how you got here." How did you escape Azkaban?
Crouch took a deep, shuddering breath, then began speaking in a flat, expressionless voice.
"My mother saved me. She knew she was dying. She persuaded my father to save me as a last favor. He loved her like he had never loved me. He agreed. They came to me visit. They gave me a potion of polyjuice potion containing one of my mother's hair. She took a potion of polyjuice potion containing one of my hair.
Winky shook her head, shaking.
"Say no more. Master Barty, say no more, you're causing trouble for your father!"
But Crouch took another deep breath and continued in the same flat voice.
"The dementors are blind. They sensed a healthy person and a dying person entering Azkaban. They sensed a healthy person and a dying person leaving. My father smuggled me out, disguised as my mother , in case prisoners were watching through their doors.
"My mother died shortly after in Azkaban. She took care to drink Polyjuice Potion until the end. She was buried under my name and bearing my appearance. Everyone thought she was me."
The man's eyelids blinked.
“And what did your father do with you when he brought you home?”  » Dumbledore said softly.
"I staged my mother's death. A quiet, private funeral. This grave is empty. The house elf healed me. Then I had to be hidden. I had to be controlled. My father had to use a number of spells to subdue me. When I regained my strength, all I could think about was finding my master.
“How did your father overpower you?”  Dumbledore said.
“The Imperius Curse,” Moody said.  "I was under my father's control. I was forced to wear an invisibility cloak day and night. I was always with the house elf. She was my guardian and guardian. She took pity on me .She persuaded my father to give me occasional treats for good behavior.
“Master Barty, Master Barty,” Winky sobbed into her hands.  “You don’t have to tell them, we’re in trouble….”
"Has anyone ever found out you're still alive?"  » Dumbledore said softly.  "Did anyone know besides your father and the house elf?"
"Yes," Crouch said, his eyelids blinking again.  "A witch in my father's office. Bertha Jorkins. She came home with papers with my father's signature. He wasn't at home. Winky let her in and went back to the kitchen, towards me. But Bertha Jorkins heard Winky talking to She came to investigate. She heard enough to guess who was hiding under the invisibility cloak. My father arrived at the house. He cast a very memory spell on her. powerful to make her forget what she had discovered powerful. He said it damaged her memory permanently.
“Why is she interfering in my master’s private affairs?”  sobbed Winky.  “Why won’t she leave us alone?”
"Tell me about the Quidditch World Cup," Dumbledore said.
“Winky convinced my father to do it,” Crouch said, still in the same monotone.  "She spent months persuading him. I hadn't left the house in years. I loved Quidditch. Let him go, she said. He'll be in his invisibility cloak. He can watch. Let him smell the fresh air for once” She said my mother would have liked it. She told my father that my mother died to give me freedom, she didn't save me for a life sentence. He finally agreed.
"It was carefully planned. My father drove Winky and me to the Top Box early in the day. Winky was to say that she was saving a seat for my father. I was to sit there, invisible. When everyone would have left the dressing room, we would emerge alone.
"But Winky didn't know that I was getting stronger. I was beginning to fight off my father's Imperius Curse. There were times when I was almost myself again. There were brief periods where I seemed out of control. its control I.That didn't happen over there in the Top Box.  It was like waking up from a deep sleep.  I found myself in public, in the middle of the match, and I saw, in front of me, a stick sticking out of a boy's pocket.  I hadn't had a wand since before Azkaban.  I stole it.  Winky didn't know that.  Winky is afraid of heights.  She had her face hidden."
“Master Barty, you bad boy!”  Winky whispered, tears falling through her fingers.
"So you took the wand," said Dumbledore, "and what did you do with it?"
“We went back to the tent,” Crouch said.  "Then we heard them. We heard the Death Eaters. Those who had never been to Azkaban. Those who had never suffered for my master. They had turned their backs on him. They were not slaves, like me .They were free to look for him, but they didn't. They were just laughing at the Muggles. The sound of their voices woke me up. .
I wanted to attack them for their disloyalty to my master.  My father had left the tent; he had gone to free the Muggles.  Winky was afraid to see me so angry.  She used her own magic to bind me to her.  She pulled me out of the tent, into the forest, away from the Death Eaters.  I tried to hold her back.  I wanted to go back to the campsite.  I wanted to show these Death Eaters what loyalty to the Dark Lord meant, and punish them for their lack of loyalty.  I used the stolen wand to throw the Dark Mark into the sky.
"The Ministry wizards arrived. They cast stunning spells everywhere. One of the spells passed through the trees where Winky and I were standing. The bond between us was broken. We were both stunned.
"When Winky was discovered, my father knew I must be nearby. He searched the bushes where she was found and felt me ​​lying there. He waited until the other members of the Ministry had left the forest. He put me back under the Imperius Curse and She took me home. He sent Winky away. She had let me acquire a wand.
Winky cried out in despair.
"Now it was just Father and I, alone in the house. And then...and then..." Crouch's head rolled onto his neck and a mad smile spread across his face.  “My master came to get me.
"He arrived at our house late at night in the arms of his servant Wormtail. My master had discovered that I was still alive. He had captured Bertha Jorkins in Albania. He had tortured her. She had told him many things things. She told him about the Triwizard Tournament She told him that the old Auror, Moody, was going to teach at Hogwarts. He tortured her until he broke the memory spell that my. father had imposed on him. She told him that I had escaped from Azkaban. My father kept me in prison to prevent me from searching for my master. perhaps the most faithful of all. My master devised a plan, based on the information he had given him. He arrived at our house around midnight.
The smile widened on Crouch's face, as if reminding him of the sweetest memory of his life.  Winky's petrified brown eyes were visible through her fingers.  She seemed too dismayed to speak.
"It happened very quickly. My father was placed under the Imperium by my master. Now it was my father who was imprisoned, controlled. My master forced him to go about his business as usual, to act as if nothing had happened. And I was freed. I was myself again, alive as I hadn't been in years.
"And what did Lord Voldemort ask you to do?"  Dumbledore said.
"He asked me if I was ready to risk everything for him. I was ready. It was my dream, my greatest ambition, to serve him, to prove myself to him. He told me that he needed to place a loyal servant at Hogwarts. A servant who would guide Harry Potter through the Triwizard Tournament without appearing to do so. A servant who would watch over Harry Potter until he reached the Cup. Three Wizards. Transform the cup into a Portkey, which will allow the first person to touch it, my master.
"You needed Alastor Moody," Dumbledore said.  His blue eyes shone, although his voice remained calm.
"Wormtail and I did it. We had prepared the Polyjuice Potion in advance. We went to his house. Moody struggled. There was a commotion. We managed to subdue him just in time. The forced into a compartment of his own magic. I took some hair and added it to the potion. I became Moody's double. I took his leg and his eye. confront Arthur Weasley when he arrived to sort out the Muggles who had heard a noise. I had the trash cans moved to the yard. I told Arthur Weasley that I had heard intruders in my yard, which had set off the trash. bins. Then I packed Moody's clothes and the dark detectors, put them in the trunk with Moody and set off for Hogwarts, kept him alive, under control. of the imp.Erius Curse.  I wanted to be able to question him.  To discover his past, learn his habits, so that he can fool even Dumbledore.  I also needed her hair to brew Polyjuice Potion.  The other ingredients were easy.  I stole boom-slang skin from the dungeons. When the Potions Master found me in his office, I said I had orders to search it. »
"And what happened to Wormtail after you attacked Moody?"  Dumbledore said.
“Wormtail has returned to care for my master, to my father's house, and to watch over my father.
"But your father escaped," Dumbledore said.
"Yes. After a while, he began to fight the Imperius like I had. There were times when he knew what was happening. My master decided that it was no longer safe for me father to leave the house. He forced him to send instead, he made him write and say that he was ill. But Wormtail neglected his duty My father guessed that. he was going to tell Dumbledore everything, to confess. He was going to admit that he had smuggled me out of Azkaban.
"My master informed me of my father's escape. He told me to stop him at all costs. So I waited and watched. I used the map I took from Harry Potter . The card that almost ruined everything."
"Map?"  » Dumbledore said quickly.  “What card is this?”
"Potter's Hogwarts map. Potter saw me on it. Potter saw me stealing more ingredients for the Polyjuice Potion from Snape's office one night. He thought I was my father. We have the same first name. I took Potter's card that night. I told him that my father hated dark wizards and thought my father was after Snape.
"For a week, I waited for my father to arrive at Hogwarts. Finally, one evening, the map showed my father entering the grounds. I put on my invisibility cloak and went down to meet him. He was walking at the edge of the park. Then Potter came, and I couldn't hurt Potter; I knocked Krum out.
"No!"  Winky moaned.  “Master Barty, Master Barty, what do you say?”
"You killed your father," Dumbledore said in the same soft voice.  “What did you do with the body?”
"I carried him into the forest. I covered him with the invisibility cloak. I had the map with me. I watched Potter run towards the castle. He met Snape. Dumbledore joined them. I watched Potter lead Dumbledore out of the castle. I came back out of the forest, turned around behind them, went to meet them, said Dumbledore Snape told me where to come.
"Dumbledore told me to go find my father. I went back to my father's body. I looked at the map. When everyone was gone, I transfigured my father's body. He became a bone... I buried it, while wearing the Invisibility Cloak, in the freshly dug earth in front of Hagrid's hut.
There was complete silence now, except for Winky's continued sobbing.  Then Dumbledore said: "And tonight..."
“I offered to carry the Triwizard Cup into the maze before dinner,” Barty Crouch murmured.  "I turned him into a Portkey. My master's plan worked. He has returned to power and I will be honored by him beyond wizards' dreams."
The insane smile lit his features once again, and his head fell onto his shoulder as Winky whimpered and sobbed beside him.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX - THE SEPARATION OF THE PATHS

Dumbledore stood up.  He looked at Barty Crouch for a moment with disgust on his face.  Then he raised his wand once more and ropes came out of it, ropes that wrapped around Barty Crouch, binding him tightly.  He turned to Professor McGonagall.
"Minerva, can I ask you to stand guard here while I take Harry upstairs?"
"Of course," said Professor McGonagall.  She looked slightly nauseous, as if she had just seen someone get sick.  However, when she took out her wand and pointed it at Barty Crouch, her hand was quite steady.
"Severus" - Dumbledore turned to Snape - "please tell Madam Pomfrey to come here; we need to take Alastor Moody to the hospital wing. Then go down to the park, find Cornelius Fudge and bring him to This office. He'll probably want to question Crouch himself. Tell him I'll be in the infirmary in half an hour if he needs me.
Snape nodded silently and left the room.
“Harry?”  Dumbledore said softly.
Harry stood and staggered again; the pain in his leg, which he had not noticed all the time he had been listening to Crouch, now returned in full force.  He also realized that he was shaking.  Dumbledore grabbed her arm and helped her out into the dark hallway.
"I want you to come to my office first. Harry," he said softly as they walked towards the passage.  “Sirius is waiting for us there.”
Harry nodded.  A kind of numbness and a feeling of total unreality came over him, but he didn't care; he was even happy about it.  He didn't want to haI have to think about everything that's happened since he first touched the Triwizard Cup.  He didn't want to have to examine the memories, fresh and clear like photographs, that kept flashing through his mind.  Mad-Eye Moody, inside the trunk.  Wormtail, slumped on the ground, cradled his stump of an arm. Voldemort, emerging from the smoking cauldron.  Cedric. . . dead . . . Cédric, asking to be returned to his parents. . . .
"Professor," Harry muttered, "where are Mr. and Mrs. Diggory?"
"They are with Professor Sprout," Dumbledore said.  His voice, which had been so calm throughout Barty Crouch's interrogation, shook ever so slightly for the first time.  “She was the one who ran Cédric’s household and he knew him best.”
They had reached the stone gargoyle.  Dumbledore gave the password, Dumbledore jumped aside, and he and Harry walked up the spiral staircase to the oak door.  Dumbledore opened it. Sirius stood there.  His face was white and gaunt as it had been when he escaped from Azkaban.  In an instant he was across the room.
"Harry, are you okay?" I knew it – I knew something like that – what happened?
His hands shook as he helped Harry sit in a chair in front of the desk.
"What happened?"  » he asked with more urgency.
Dumbledore began to tell Sirius everything Barty Crouch had said.  Harry was only half listening.  So tired that every bone in his body ached, he wanted nothing more than to sit here, undisturbed, for hours and hours, until he fell asleep and had no sleep. no more thinking or feeling.
There was a slight beating of wings.  Fawkes the phoenix had left his perch, crossed the desk and landed in Harry's lap.
"'Lo, Fawkes," Harry said softly.  He stroked the phoenix's magnificent scarlet and gold plumage.  Fawkes blinked peacefully.  There was something comforting about its warm weight.
Dumbledore stopped talking.  He sat across from Harry, behind his desk.  He looked at Harry, who avoided his gaze.  Dumbledore was going to question him.  He was going to make Harry relive everything.
"I need to know what happened after you touched the Portkey in the maze. Harry," Dumbledore said.
"We can leave this until morning, can't we, Dumbledore?"  Sirius said harshly.  He placed a hand on Harry's shoulder.  "Let him sleep. Let him rest."
Harry felt a surge of gratitude towards Sirius, but Dumbledore paid no attention to Sirius's words.  He leaned towards Harry.
Reluctantly, Harry raised his head and looked into those blue eyes.
"If I thought I could help you," Dumbledore said softly, "by putting you into an enchanted sleep and allowing you to postpone the time when you should think about what happened this evening, I would. But I know better. Numbing the pain for a while will only make it worse when you finally feel it. You have shown courage beyond anything I could have expected of you. I ask you to demonstrate. your courage once again I ask you to tell us what happened.
The phoenix let out a soft, quavering note.  The air chilled, and Harry felt as if a drop of warm liquid had slipped down his throat and into his stomach, warming and strengthening him.
He took a deep breath and began to tell them.  As he spoke, visions of all that had happened that night seemed to flash before his eyes; he saw the glistening surface of the potion that had resurrected Voldemort; he saw the Death Eaters apparating between the tombs around them; he saw Cedric's body, lying on the ground next to the cup.
Once or twice, Sirius made a noise as if he was about to say something, his hand still clutching Harry's shoulder, but Dumbledore raised his hand to stop him, and Harry was glad, because it was easier to continue now that he had started. .  It was even a relief; he almost felt like something toxic was being extracted from him.  It cost him all the determination he needed to continue speaking, but he felt that once he finished he would feel better.
However, when Harry said that Wormtail had pierced his arm with the dagger, Sirius let out a vehement exclamation and Dumbledore stood up so quickly that Harry jumped.  Dumbledore walked around the desk and told Harry to extend his arm.  Harry showed them both where his robes were torn and the cut underneath.
"He said my blood would make him stronger than if he used anyone else's," Harry told Dumbledore.  "He said that the protection that my - my mother left me - he would have that too. And he was right - he could touch me without hurting himself, he touched my face."
For a brief moment, Harry thought he saw a glint of something like triumph in Dumbledore's eyes.  But the next second. Harry was sure he had imagined it, because when Dumbledore returned to his place behind the desk, he looked as old and tired as Harry had ever seen him.
“Very good,” he said, sitting down again.  “Voldemort has overcome this particular barrier. Harry, please continue.
Harry continued; he explained how Voldemort hadcame out of the cauldron and told them everything he remembered from Voldemort's speech to the Death Eaters.  Then he told how Voldemort had untied him, returned his wand, and prepared to duel.
But when he reached the spot where the beam of golden light had connected his wand and Voldemort's, he found his throat blocked.  He tried to continue speaking, but memories of what had come out of Voldemort's wand flooded into his mind.  He could see Cedric emerge, see the old man, Bertha Jorkins... his father. . . his mother . . .
He was happy when Sirius broke the silence.
“Connected wands?  he said, looking from Harry to Dumbledore.  "For what?"
Harry looked up again at Dumbledore, on whose face there was a stopped look.
“Priori Incantatem,” he muttered.
His eyes stared into Harry's and it was almost as if an invisible ray of understanding flashed between them.
“The Reverse Spell effect?”  » Sirius said abruptly.
"Exactly," said Dumbledore.  "Harry's wand and Voldemort's wand share a core. Each of them contains a tail feather from the same phoenix. This phoenix, in fact," he added, and pointed to the scarlet and gold bird. , perched peacefully on Harry's knee. .
"My wand quill came from Fawkes?"  » said Harry, surprised.
"Yes," said Dumbledore.  "Mr. Ollivander wrote to tell me that you bought the second wand, when you left his store four years ago."
“So what happens when a wand meets its brother?”  Sirius said.
"They won't work well against each other," Dumbledore said.  "If, however, the owners of the wands force the wands to fight... a very rare effect will occur. One wand will force the other to regurgitate the spells it has performed - in reverse. Most recent first. and then those who preceded him.
He looked at Harry questioningly, and Harry nodded.
"Which means," Dumbledore said slowly, his eyes glued to Harry's face, "that some form of Cedric must have reappeared."
Harry nodded again.
“Has Diggory come back to life?”  » Sirius said abruptly.
"No spell can wake the dead," Dumbledore said heavily. “All that would have happened is a sort of reverse echo. A shadow of a living Cedric would have emerged from the wand... am I right, Harry?
"He spoke to me," Harry said.  He was suddenly shaking again.  “The... the ghost Cedric, or whatever he was, has spoken.”
"An echo," said Dumbledore, "which retained the appearance and character of Cedric. I suspect that other similar forms have appeared... less recent victims of Voldemort's wand..."
"An old man," Harry said, his throat still tight.  "Bertha Jorkins. And..."
"Your parents?"  » Dumbledore said softly.
"Yes," Harry said.
Sirius' grip on Harry's shoulder was now so tight it was painful.
"The last murders committed by the wand," Dumbledore said, nodding.  "In reverse order. More would have appeared, of course, if you had maintained the connection. Very well, Harry, these echoes, these shadows... what did they do?"
Harry describes how the figures that had emerged from the wand lurked at the edges of the golden web, how Voldemort had seemed to fear them, how Harry's mother's shadow had told him what to do, how Cedric's had made his final request .
At this point.  Harry realized he couldn't continue.  He looked at Sirius and saw that he had his face in his hands.
Harry suddenly realized that Fawkes had left his knee.  The phoenix had fallen to the ground.  She rested her beautiful head against Harry's injured leg, and thick, pearly tears flowed from her eyes onto the wound left by the spider.  The pain is gone.  The skin has repaired itself.  His leg was repaired.
"I'll say it again," Dumbledore said as the phoenix rose into the air and settled back on the perch next to the door.  "You have shown bravery beyond anything I could have expected of you this evening. Harry. You have shown bravery equal to those who died fighting Voldemort at the height of his powers You have taken on the burden of an adult wizard and found yourself equal to him - and you have now given us everything we have a right to expect. You will come with me to the infirmary, I. don't want you to go back to the dorm tonight. A sleeping potion and some peace.
Sirius nodded and stood up.  He transformed back into a large black dog and walked out of the office with Harry and Dumbledore, accompanying them up a flight of stairs to the hospital wing.
When Dumbledore pushed the door. Harry saw Mrs. Weasley, Bill, Ron and Hermione grouped around a harassed-looking Madam Pomfrey.  They seemed to be demanding to know where Harry was and what had happened to him.  Everyone turned around as Harry, Dumbledore and the black dog entered, and Mrs. Weasley let out a sort of muffled cry.
"Harry! Oh Harry!"
She started to rush towards him, but Dumbledore placed himself between them.
"Molly," he said, raising his hand, "please listen to me for a moment. Harry has crossedI had a terrible ordeal this evening.  He just had to relive it for me.  What he needs now is sleep, peace and quiet.  If he wants you all to stay with him,” he added, looking at Ron, Hermione and Bill as well, “you can do that.  But I don't want you to question him until he's ready to answer, and certainly not tonight. »
Mrs. Weasley nodded.  She was very white.  She turned to Ron, Hermione and Bill as if they were loud, and hissed, "Did you hear?" He needs calm!
"Headmaster," Madam Pomfrey said, staring at the large black dog that was Sirius, "may I ask what -?"
"This dog is going to stay with Harry for a while," Dumbledore said simply.  “I assure you he is extremely well trained. Harry – I'll wait while you go to bed.
Harry felt an inexpressible sense of gratitude towards Dumbledore for asking the others not to question him.  It wasn't like he didn't want them there; but the idea of ​​explaining everything again, the idea of ​​reliving it all over again, was more than he could bear.
"I'll come back to see you as soon as I meet Fudge, Harry," Dumbledore said. "I would like you to stay here tomorrow until I have spoken to the school."  He left.
As Madam Pomfrey led Harry to a nearby bed, he saw the real Moody lying motionless in a bed at the back of the room.  His wooden leg and magical eye rested on the bedside table.
"Is he okay?"  » Harry asked.
"He'll be fine," Madam Pomfrey said, giving Harry some pajamas and pulling screens around him.  He took off his robe, put on his pajamas and got into bed. Ron, Hermione, Bill, Mrs. Weasley and the black dog walked around the screen and settled into chairs on either side of it.  Ron and Hermione looked at him almost warily, as if they were afraid of him.       
“I’m fine,” he told them.  “Just tired.”
Mrs. Weasley's eyes filled with tears as she uselessly smoothed the covers on her bed.
Madam Pomfrey, who had rushed to her office, returned with a small bottle of purple potion and a goblet.
"You'll have to drink all of this. Harry," she said.  "It's a potion for dreamless sleep."
Harry took the cup and took a few sips.  He immediately felt himself becoming drowsy.  Everything around him was becoming blurry; the lamps around the infirmary seemed to wink friendly at him through the screen around his bed; his body felt like it was sinking deeper into the warmth of the feather mattress.  Before he could finish the potion, before he could say another word, his exhaustion had carried him into sleep.

Harry woke up, so hot, so sleepy, that he didn't open his eyes, wanting to go to bed again.  The room was still dimly lit; he was sure it was still dark and had the feeling he hadn't been able to sleep very long.
Then he heard whispers around him.
"They'll wake him up if they don't shut up!"
"Why are they screaming? Nothing else could have happened, right?"
Harry opened his eyes blearily.  Someone had taken off his glasses.  He could see the blurred outlines of Mrs. Weasley and Bill nearby.  Mrs. Weasley was standing.
"It's Fudge's voice," she whispered.  "And it's Minerva McGonagall's, isn't it?" But what are they arguing about?
Now Harry could hear them too: people screaming and running towards the hospital wing.
“Regrettable, but still, Minerva…” Cornelius Fudge said out loud.
“You should never have brought him inside the castle!”  » shouted Professor McGonagall. "When Dumbledore finds out..."
Harry heard the hospital doors swing open.  Unnoticed by the people around his bed, who were all staring at the door as Bill removed the mosquito nets, Harry sat up and put his glasses back on.
Fudge strode back up the room.  Professors McGonagall and Snape were after him.
"Where is Dumbledore?"  » Fudge asked Mrs. Weasley.
"He's not here," Mrs. Weasley said angrily.  "It's a hospital wing. Minister, don't you think you'd better -"
But the door opened and Dumbledore swept the room.
"What happened?" » Dumbledore said abruptly, looking from Fudge to Professor McGonagall.  "Why are you bothering these people? Minerva, you surprise me - I asked you to keep watch over Barty Crouch -"
"There's no need to keep guard over him anymore, Dumble-dore!"  she screamed.  “The minister saw to that!”
Harry had never seen Professor McGonagall lose control like this.  There were angry patches of color on his cheeks and his hands were balled into fists; she trembled with fury.-
"When we told Mr. Fudge that we had caught the Death Eater responsible for tonight's events," Snape said in a low voice; he seemed to feel that his personal safety was in question.  He insisted on summoning a dementor to accompany him into the castle.  He talked about it at the office where Barty Crouch..."
"I told him you wouldn't agree, Dumbledore!"  McGonagall fumed.  "I told him you would never allow Dementors to set footinside the castle, but..."
"My dear wife !"  " roared Fudge, who also looked angrier than Harry had ever seen him, "as Minister of Magic, it is up to me whether I wish to bring protection with me when I questions a potentially dangerous…”
But Professor McGonagall's voice drowned out Fudge's.
"The moment - that thing came into the room," she shouted, pointing to Fudge, trembling all over, "it came at Crouch and - and -"
Harry felt a chill in his stomach as Professor McGonagall struggled to find the words to describe what had happened.  He didn't need her to finish her sentence.  He knew what the Dementor must have done.  He had administered his fatal kiss to Barty Crouch.  It had sucked his soul out through his mouth.  He was worse than dead.
“Obviously he’s not a waste!” » Fudge growled.  “It appears that he is responsible for several deaths.”
"But he cannot testify now, Cornelius," said Dumbledore.  He was staring at Fudge, as if seeing him clearly for the first time.  “He can’t prove why he killed these people.”
"Why did he kill them? Well, it's no mystery, is it?"  » Fudge growled.  "He was a raving lunatic! From what Minerva and Severus have told me, he seems to have thought he was doing all this on You-Know-Who's instructions!"
"Lord Voldemort was giving him instructions, Cornelius," Dumbledore said.  "The deaths of these people were only the result of a plan to restore Voldemort to his full strength. The plan succeeded. Voldemort has his body back."
Fudge looked like someone had just thrown a heavy weight in his face.  Dazed and blinking, he looked at Dumbledore as if he couldn't quite believe what he had just heard.  » He started to sputter, still looking at Dumbledore.
"You-Know-Who... has returned? Absurd. Come now, Dumbledore..."
"As Minerva and Severus have no doubt told you," Dumbledore said, "we heard Barty Crouch confess. Under the influence of Veritaserum, he told us how he was smuggled out of Azkaban and how Voldemort - learning his continued existence thanks to Bertha Jorkins - went to free him from his father and used him to capture Harry The plan worked, I tell you, helped Voldemort come back.
"You see, Dumbledore," Fudge said, and Harry was surprised to see a slight smile appear on his face, "you - you can't seriously believe that You-Know-Who - is back? Come now, come now... Certainly, Crouch may have believed he was acting on You-Know-Who's orders - but to take the word of a madman like that, Dumbledore..."
"When Harry touched the Triwizard Cup tonight, he was transported directly to Voldemort," Dumbledore said firmly.  “He witnessed the rebirth of Lord Voldemort. I will explain everything to you if you come to my office.
Dumbledore glanced at Harry and saw that he was awake, but he shook his head and said, "I'm afraid I cannot allow you to question Harry tonight."
Fudge's curious smile persisted.  He too glanced at Harry, then turned to Dumbledore and said, "You're – er – willing to take Harry's word on this, aren't you, Dumbledore?"           
There was a moment of silence, which was broken by Sirius's growl.  His hair stood on end and he showed his teeth at Fudge.
"Certainly, I believe Harry," said Dumbledore.  His eyes were shining now.  "I heard Crouch's confession, and I heard Harry's account of what happened after he touched the Triwizard Cup; both stories make sense, they explain everything that has happened since the disappearance of Bertha Jorkins last summer."
Fudge always had this strange smile on his face.  Once again he glanced at Harry before answering.
"You're willing to believe that Lord Voldemort has returned, on the word of a mad murderer and a boy who...well..."
Fudge gave Harry another look, and Harry suddenly understood.
"You've read Rita Skeeter, Mr. Fudge," he said softly.
Ron, Hermione, Mrs. Weasley and Bill all jumped.  Neither of them realized Harry was awake.
Fudge blushed slightly, but a defiant and stubborn look appeared on his face.
"And if it's the case ?"  he said looking at Dumbledore.  "If I found out you've been keeping some facts about the boy very secret? Parseltongue, huh? And you've got some fun twists all over the place -"
"I assume you are referring to the pain Harry is feeling from his scar?" Dumbledore said coldly.
“So you admit that he had these pains?  » Fudge said quickly. " Headaches ? Nightmares ? Maybe hallucinations?
"Listen to me, Cornelius," Dumbledore said, taking a step towards Fudge, and once again he seemed to radiate that indefinable feeling of power that Harry had felt after Dumbledore had knocked out the young Crouch.  "Harry is as sane as you or I. That scar on his forehead hasn't messed with his brain. I believe it hurts him when Lord Voldemort is nearby, or when he's feeling particularly murderous."
Fudge had taken a half step back from Dumbledore, but he didn't seem any lessIt's stubborn.
"You will forgive me, Dumbledore, but I have never heard of a cursed scar acting as an alarm bell before…."
"Look, I saw Voldemort come back!"  Harry shouted.  He tried to get out of bed again, but Mrs. Weasley forced him back.  "I saw the Death Eaters! I can tell you their names! Lucius Malfoy -"
Snape jerked, but as Harry looked at him, Snape's eyes returned to Fudge.
"Malfoy has been exonerated!" Fudge said, visibly offended.  "A very old family - donations to excellent causes -"
“Macnair! » Harry continued.
"Also allowed! I now work for the Ministry!"
“Avery-Nott-Crabbe-Goyle-”
"You're just repeating the names of those who were acquitted of being Death Eaters thirteen years ago!"  Fudge said angrily.  "You could have found these names in old trial reports! For heaven's sake, Dumbledore - the boy was also full of wild stories at the end of last year - his stories are getting more and more big ones, and you still swallow them - the boy can talk to snakes, Dumbledore, and you still think he's trustworthy?                   
"Silly!"  Professor McGonagall shouted.  "Cedric Diggory! Mr. Crouch! These deaths were not the work of a madman!"    
“I see no evidence to the contrary!”  » Fudge shouted, at the height of his anger, his face purple.  “It seems to me that you are all determined to start a panic that will destabilize everything we have worked for over the last thirteen years!”
Harry couldn't believe what he was hearing.  He had always considered Fudge to be a kind character, a little boastful, a little pompous, but essentially good-natured.  But now, an angry little wizard stood before him, adamantly refusing to accept the prospect of disruption to his comfortable, orderly world – of believing that Voldemort could have been resurrected.
"Voldemort is back," Dumbledore repeated.  "If you accept this fact immediately. Fudge, and take the necessary steps, we may still be able to salvage the situation. The first and most essential step is to remove Azkaban from Dementor control -"
"Absurd!"  Fudge shouted again.  "Remove the Dementors? I'd be fired from my job if I suggested it! Half of us only feel safe in our beds at night because we know the Dementors stand guard in Azkaban!"
"The rest of us sleep less soundly in our beds, Cornelius, knowing that you have entrusted Lord Voldemort's most dangerous followers to the care of creatures who will join him whenever he demands them!"  Dumbledore said.  "They will not remain loyal to you, Fudge! Voldemort can offer them far more opportunities to use their powers and pleasures than you can! With the Dementors behind him and his former followers returning to him, you will have a hard time stopping . giving him back the kind of power he had thirteen years ago!
Fudge opened and closed his mouth as if no words could express his indignation.
"The second step you must take - and immediately," Dumbledore insisted, "is to send emissaries to the giants."
“Sent to the giants?”  » Fudge shouted, finding his tongue.  “What madness is this?”
“Extend them the hand of friendship now, before it is too late,” said Dumbledore, “or Voldemort will persuade them, as he did before, that he alone among wizards will give them their rights and their freedom!”
“You…you can’t be serious!” Fudge panted, shaking his head and moving further away from Dumbledore.  "If the magical community got wind that I had approached giants - people hate them, Dumbledore - end of my career -"
"You are blinded," Dumbledore said, his voice rising now, the aura of power around him palpable, his eyes blazing once more, "by the love of the office you hold, Cornelius! You grant too much importance, and you always have it, on the so-called purity of blood You don't realize that what matters is not what a person was born into, but what they are! becomes. Your dementor has just destroyed the last remaining member of a pureblood family as old as anyone - and see what this man has chosen to do with his life I tell you now - follow the measures! I have suggested to you, and you will be remembered, in office or out, as one of the bravest and greatest Ministers of Magic we have ever known." If you do not act. , history will remember you as the man who stood down and gave Voldemort a second chance to destroy the world we tried to rebuild!”
"Foolish," Fudge muttered, still stepping back.  "Mad . . ."
And then there was silence.  Madam Pomfrey stood frozen at the foot of Harry's bed, hands over her mouth. Mrs. Weasley was still standing over Harry, her hand on his shoulder to stop him from getting up.  Bill, Ron and Hermione looked at Fudge.
"If your determination to turn a blind eye gets you this far, Cornelius," said Dumbledore, "we have reached a crossroads. You must do as you see fit. And I – I will do as I see fit."
Dumbledore's voice held no trace of menace; It seemed like a simple statement, but Fudge bristled as if DumbLedore was walking towards him with a wand.
"Now look here, Dumbledore," he said, waving a threatening finger.  "I always gave you carte blanche. I had a lot of respect for you. I might not have agreed with some of your decisions, but I remained silent. Few people do. would have left." you hire werewolves, or guard Hagrid, or decide what to teach your students without consulting the Ministry. But if you want to work against me…”
"The only one I intend to work against," said Dumbledore, "is Lord Voldemort. If you are against him, then we remain, Cornelius, on the same side."
It seemed Fudge couldn't find an answer to that question.  He rocked back and forth on his little feet for a moment and twirled his bowler hat in his hands.  Finally, he said, with a hint of pleading in his voice, "He can't be back, Dumbledore, he just can't be..."
Snape strode forward, past Dumbledore, pushing up the left sleeve of his robes as he advanced.  He held out his forearm and showed it to Fudge, who stepped back.
"There you go," Snape said harshly.  "There it is. The Dark Mark. It's not as clear as it was about an hour ago, when it burned black, but you can still see it. Every Death Eater had the sign carved on them by the Dark Lord It was a way of distinguishing himself, and his way of calling us to him. When he touched a Death Eater's mark, we had to apparate, and apparate, instantly, to his side. all year too. Why do you think Karkaroff ran away tonight? We both felt the Mark burning. We both knew he was afraid of the Dark Lord's vengeance. betrayed too many of his fellow Death Eaters to be sure of being back in the group.
Fudge also moved away from Snape.  He shook his head.  He didn't seem to have understood a word Snape had said.  He stared at him, seemingly repelled by the ugly mark on Snape's arm, then looked up at Dumbledore and whispered, "I don't know what you and your team are playing at, Dumbledore, but I've heard enough." I have nothing else to add. . I will contact you tomorrow, Dumbledore, to discuss the running of this school. I have to return to the Ministry.
He was almost to the door when he stopped.  He turned around, walked back down the dormitory and stopped in front of Harry's bed.
"Your winnings," he said briefly, taking a large bag of gold from his pocket and placing it on Harry's bedside table.  "A thousand galleons. There should have been a presentation ceremony, but given the circumstances..."
He pulled his bowler hat on his head and left the room, slamming the door behind him.  As he disappeared, Dumbledore turned to look at the group around Harry's bed.
“There is work to be done,” he said.  "Molly...am I right in thinking I can count on you and Arthur?"
"Of course you can," said Mrs. Weasley.  She was white to the lips, but she looked resolute.  "We know what Fudge is. It's Arthur's affection for Muggles that has kept him at the Ministry all these years. Fudge thinks he lacks wizarding pride."
"Then I must send a message to Arthur," Dumbledore said.  “Everyone we can persuade of the truth must be informed immediately, and he is well placed to contact those in the Ministry who are not as short-sighted as Cornelius.”
“I’m going to see Dad,” Bill said, getting up.  "I will leave now."
"Excellent," said Dumbledore.  "Tell him what happened. Tell him I'll be in direct contact with him shortly. He'll need to be discreet though. If Fudge thinks I'm intervening at the Ministry -"
“Leave it to me,” Bill said.
He put a hand on Harry's shoulder, kissed his mother on the cheek, put on his cloak and quickly left the room.
"Minerva," said Dumbledore, turning to Professor McGonagall, "I want to see Hagrid in my office as soon as possible. And also - if she agrees to come - Madame Maxime."
Professor McGonagall nodded and left without a word.
"Poppy," Dumbledore said to Madam Pomfrey, "could you be very kind and go down to Professor Moody's office, where I think you will find a house elf called Winky in great distress?" Do what you can for her and take her away. Let's go back to the kitchens. I think Dobby will take care of her for us.
"Very - very good," Madam Pomfrey said, looking surprised, and she too left.
Dumbledore made sure the door was closed and Madam Pomfrey's footsteps had calmed before speaking again.
"And now," he said, "it is time for two of us to recognize each other for who we are. Sirius...if you could return to your usual form."
The big black dog looked up at Dumbledore, then, in an instant, became a man again.
Mrs. Weasley screamed and jumped out of bed.
“Sirius Black!”  » she shouted, pointing at him.
“Mom, shut up!”  Ron shouted.  "It's good!"
Snape hadn't screamed or jumped back, but the expression on his face was a mixture of fury and horror.
"Him!"  » he growled, staring at Sirius, whose face washow equal aversion.  “What is he doing here?”
"He is here at my invitation," Dumbledore said, looking between them, "as are you, Severus. I trust you both. It is time for you to put aside your old differences and trust each other. "
Harry thought Dumbledore was asking for a near miracle.  Sirius and Snape looked at each other with the utmost hatred.
"I will settle, in the short term," said Dumbledore, with a hint of impatience in his voice, "for a lack of open hostility. You will shake hands. You are on the same side now. Time is running out, and unless the few of us who know the truth are united, there is no hope
for each of us.
Very slowly – but still looking at each other as if each only wished harm on the other – Sirius and Snape came closer and shook hands.  They let go extremely quickly.   
"That will do," Dumbledore said, stepping between them once more.  "Now I have work for each of you. Fudge's attitude, while not unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, I need you to leave immediately. You need to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher - the old crowd. Lie low at Lupin's for a while;
"But…" Harry said.
He wanted Sirius to stay.  He didn't want to have to say goodbye so quickly.
"You'll see me again very soon. Harry," Sirius said, turning to him.  "I promise. But I have to do what I can, you understand, right?"
"Yeah," Harry said.  “Yeah…of course I do.”
Sirius grabbed his hand briefly, nodded at Dumbledore, transformed into a black dog again, and ran along the room to the door, turning the handle with one paw.  Then he left.
"Severus," said Dumbledore, turning to Snape, "you know what I must ask you to do. If you are ready... if you are ready..."
"I am," Snape said.
He looked slightly paler than usual and his cold black eyes shone strangely.
"Good luck then," Dumbledore said, and watched, with a trace of apprehension on his face, as Snape wordlessly moved towards Sirius.
It was several minutes before Dumbledore spoke again.
“I have to come down,” he finally said.  “I have to see the Diggorys. Harry – take the rest of your potion. I'll see you all later.
Harry slumped back against his pillows as Dumbledore disappeared.  Hermione, Ron and Mrs. Weasley all looked at him.  Neither of them spoke for a very long time.
"You must take the rest of your potion. Harry," Mrs. Weasley said finally.  Her hand touched the bag of gold on her nightstand as she reached for the bottle and goblet.  "You sleep well and long. Try to think of something else for a while... think about what you are going to buy with your winnings!"
"I don't want this gold," Harry said in an expressionless voice.  "You have it. Anyone can have it. I shouldn't have won it. It should have been Cedric's."
The thing he had been battling on and off since he left the maze was threatening to defeat him.  He could feel a burning, stinging sensation in the inner corners of his eyes.  He blinked and looked at the ceiling.
"It wasn't your fault. Harry," Mrs. Weasley whispered.
“I told him to take the cup with me,” Harry said.
Now the burning sensation was also in his throat.  He wished Ron would look away.
Mrs. Weasley placed the potion on the bedside table, leaned over and put her arms around Harry.  He had no memory of being kissed like that, like by a mother.  The full weight of everything he had seen that night seemed to fall on him as Mrs. Weasley held him close.  His mother's face, his father's voice, the sight of Cedric dead on the ground, everything began to spin in his head until he could barely stand it, until he tensed up under the howl of misery that struggled to come out of him.
There was a loud banging noise, and Mrs. Weasley and Harry separated.  Hermione stood by the window.  She was holding something tight in her hand.
"Sorry," she whispered.
"Your potion, Harry," Mrs. Weasley said quickly, wiping her eyes with the back of her hand.
Harry drank it in one gulp.  The effect was instantaneous.  Heavy, irresistible waves of dreamless sleep invaded him; he fell back on his pillows and thought no more.

CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN - THE BEGINNING

When he looked back, even a month later, Harry found that he had only scattered memories of the following days.  It was as if he had been through too much to bear any more.  The memories he had were very painful.  The worst, perhaps, was the meeting with the Diggorys which took place the next morning.
They didn't blame him for what happened; on the contrary, both thanked him for having returned Cedric's body to them.  Mr. Diggory sobbed through most of the interview.  Mrs. Diggory's grief seemed to go beyond tears.
“He suffered very little then,” she said when Harry told her how Cedric had died. "And after all, Amos... he died just as he had won thetournament.  He must have been happy."
When they stood up, she looked down at Harry and said, "Take care of yourself, now."
Harry grabbed the bag of gold from the nightstand.
“You take this,” he whispered to her.  “It should have been Cédric’s, he arrived first, you take him –” 
But she backed away from him.
“Oh no, it’s yours, darling, I couldn’t… you keep it.”

Harry returned to Gryffindor Tower the next evening.  From what Hermione and Ron had told him, Dumbledore had spoken to the school that morning at breakfast.  He had simply asked that they leave Harry alone, that no one ask him questions or pester him into telling what had happened in the maze.  Most people, he noticed, walked around him in the hallways, avoiding his gaze.  Some whispered behind their hands as he passed.  He guessed many of them had believed Rita Skeeter's article describing how disturbed and possibly dangerous he was.  Perhaps they were forming their own theories about Cedric's death.  He found that he didn't care much.  He preferred being with Ron and Hermione and them talking about other things, or letting him sit in silence while they played chess.  He felt like the three of them had come to an agreement that they didn't need to put into words; that everyone was waiting for a sign, some news of what was happening outside Hogwarts - and that there was no point in speculating about what might happen until they knew anything for sure.  The only time they broached the subject was when Ron told Harry about a meeting Mrs. Weasley had with Dumbledore before returning home.
“She went to ask him if you could come directly to our house this summer,” he said.  "But he wants you to return to the Dursleys, at least initially."
"For what?" Harry said.
"She said Dumbledore had his reasons," Ron said, shaking his head gloomily.  "I guess we have to trust him, right?"
The only person besides Ron and Hermione that Harry felt able to talk to was Hagrid.  As there was no longer a Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher, these courses were free.  They used Thursday afternoon to go down to visit Hagrid in his cabin.  It was a clear, sunny day; Fang leapt out of the open door as they approached, barking and wagging his tail wildly.
"Who is it?" » Hagrid called as he came to the door.  “Harry! »
He walked over to meet them, pulled Harry into a one-armed hug, ruffled his hair and said, "Good to see, mate. Good to see."
They saw two bucket-sized cups and saucers on the wooden table in front of the fireplace when they entered Hagrid's cabin.
"I'm having a cup of tea with Olympus," Hagrid said.  “She’s just to the left.”
“WHO?”  Ron said curiously.
“Madame Maxime, of course!”  Hagrid said.
“You two made up, didn’t you?”  Ron said.
"I don't know what you're talking about," Hagrid said lightly, going to get more cups from the dresser.  When he had made tea and offered around a plate of doughy biscuits, he leaned back in his chair and observed Harry closely through his beetle-black eyes.
" Everything is fine ? » he said gruffly
"Yeah," Harry said.
“No, it’s not,” said Hagrid.  "Of course not. But you will be."
Harry didn't say anything.
"I knew he was coming back," Hagrid said, and Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at him, shocked.  "I've known it for years. Harry. He knew he was out there, biding his time. It had to happen. Well, now it's happened, and we're just going to have to keep going. We'll fight. Maybe- be “Be able to stop him before he gets a good grip. It's Dumbledore's plan, anyway. "Great man, Dumbledore." As long as we have him, I'm not too worried. "
Hagrid raised his bushy eyebrows at the incredulous expressions on their faces.
“There’s no need to worry about that,” he said.  "What happens will happen, and we will meet him when he arrives. Dumbledore told me what you did. Harry."
Hagrid's chest swelled as he looked at Harry.
"You've done as much as your father would have done, and I can't give you higher praise than that."
Harry smiled back.  It was the first time he had smiled in days.  "What did Dumbledore ask you to do, Hagrid?"  He asked.  "He sent Professor McGonagall to ask you and Madame Maxime to meet him – that evening."
“I found a little job for myself this summer,” Hagrid said.  "Secret though. I'm not supposed to talk about it, no, not even with all of you. Olympe - Madame Maxime with you - could come with me. I think she will come. I think I've persuaded her."
"Does this have to do with Voldemort?"
Hagrid flinched at the sound of the name.
“Maybe,” he said evasively.  "Now... who would want to come visit that last bastard with me? I was joking - I was joking!" he added hurriedly, seeing their expressions.

It was with a heavy heart that Harry packed his suitcase in the dormitory the day before his return to Privet Drive.  He dreaded the going away party, which was usually a cause for celebration, during which the winner of the inter-house championship would be announced. He had avoided being in the Grand Haalways when it was full since he left the infirmary, preferring to eat when it was almost empty to avoid the looks of his comrades.
When he, Ron and Hermione entered the room, they immediately saw that the usual decorations were missing.  The Great Hall was normally decorated in the colors of the winning House for the Departure Festival.  Tonight, however, there were black curtains on the wall behind the staff table.  Harry knew instantly that they were there as a sign of respect to Cedric.
The real Mad-Eye Moody was now at the staff table, his wooden leg and magic eye back in place.  He was extremely nervous, jumping every time someone spoke to him.  Harry couldn't blame him; Moody's fear of an attack had necessarily been increased by his ten-month imprisonment in his own trunk.  Professor Karkaroff's chair was empty.  Harry wondered, as he sat with the other Gryffindors, where Karkaroff was now, and if Voldemort had caught up with him.
Madame Maxime was still there.  She was sitting next to Hagrid.  They were talking quietly together.  Further down the table, sitting next to Professor McGonagall, was Snape.  His eyes lingered on Harry for a moment as Harry looked at him.  His expression was difficult to read.  He still looked sour and unpleasant.  Harry continued to look at him, long after Snape had looked away.
What had Snape done on Dumbledore's orders the night Voldemort returned?  And why. . . Why . . . Was Dumbledore so convinced that Snape was truly on their side?  He had been their spy, Dumbledore had said so in the Pensieve.  Snape had become a spy against Voldemort, "at great personal risk".  Was this the job he took up?  Had he made contact with the Death Eaters, perhaps?  Pretend that he had never really gone to see Dumbledore, that he had, like Voldemort himself, bided his time?
Harry's musings were interrupted by Professor Dumbledore, who stood up at the staff table. The Great Hall, which had been less noisy than it usually was during the Departure Feast, became very quiet.
"The end," Dumbledore said, looking at them all, "of another year."
He paused and his eyes fell on the Hufflepuff table.  Their table was the quietest before he got up, and their faces were always the saddest and palest in the room.
"There are many things I would like to tell you tonight," Dumbledore said, "but first I must acknowledge the loss of a very good person, who should be sitting here," he gestured towards the Hufflepuff, "enjoying our feast." with us. I would like all of you to please stand up and raise your glasses to Cedric Diggory.
They all did it; the benches scraped as everyone in the room stood, raised their goblets, and repeated, in a loud, low, rumbling voice, “Cedric Diggory.”
Harry saw Cho through the crowd.  Tears streamed silently down her face.  He looked down at the table as they all sat back down.
“Cedric was a person who embodied many of the qualities that set Hufflepuff House apart,” Dumbledore continued. "He was a good and loyal friend, a hard worker, he appreciated fair play. His death has affected you all, whether you knew him well or not. So I think you have the right to know exactly how it 'is produced.
Harry raised his head and looked at Dumbledore.
"Cedric Diggory was murdered by Lord Voldemort."
A panicked murmur swept through the Great Hall.  People looked at Dumbledore in disbelief, in horror.  He looked perfectly calm as he watched them mumble and fall silent.
"The Ministry of Magic," Dumbledore continued, "does not wish me to tell you this. It is possible that some of your parents will be horrified that I have done so - either because they will not believe in the Lord's return Voldemort, or because they think I shouldn't tell you, no matter how young you are. I believe, however, that the truth is generally preferable to lies and any attempt to pretend that Cedric died as a result. accident or of another kind of his own error, is an insult to his memory.
Stunned and frightened, every face in the room was now turned towards Dumbledore…or almost every face.  At the Slytherin table.  Harry saw Draco Malfoy muttering something to Crabbe and Goyle.  Harry felt a hot, foul anger rise in his stomach.  He forced himself to look at Dumbledore.
"There is someone else who needs to be mentioned in connection with Cedric's death," Dumbledore continued. "I'm talking about Harry Potter, of course."
A sort of ripple passed through the Great Hall as a few heads turned in Harry's direction before turning back to face Dumbledore.
"Harry Potter managed to escape Lord Voldemort," Dumbledore said.  "He risked his own life to bring Cedric's body back to Hogwarts. He demonstrated, in every way, the kind of courage few wizards have ever shown in the face of Lord Voldemort, and for that I honor him ."
Dumbledore turned gravely to Ha.rry and raised his goblet once more.  Almost everyone in the Great Hall followed suit.  They murmured his name, as they had murmured Cedric's, and drank for him.  But by a gap in the current figures.  Harry saw that Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle and many other Slytherins remained defiantly in their seats, their goblets intact.  Dumbledore, who after all did not possess any magical eyes, did not see them.
When everyone had returned to their seats, Dumbledore continued: "The purpose of the Triwizard Tournament was to deepen and promote magical understanding. In light of what has happened - the return of Lord Voldemort - such connections are more important than ever."
Dumbledore looked at Madame Maxime and Hagrid, then at Fleur Delacour and her fellow Beauxbatons students, then at Viktor Krum and the Durmstrangs at the Slytherin table.  Krum, Harry saw, looked wary, almost afraid, as if he expected Dumbledore to say something harsh.
"All guests in this room," Dumbledore said, and his eyes lingered on the Durmstrang students, "will be welcome here at any time, should they wish to come. I say to you all, once again - in the light of the Lord When Voldemort returns, we are as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided Lord Voldemort's gift for spreading discord and enmity is very great. by demonstrating an equally strong bond of friendship and trust habit and language are nothing at all if our goals are the same and our hearts are open.
"I believe - and I have never hoped to be wrong - that we are all facing dark and difficult times. Some of you in this room have already suffered directly at the hands of Lord Voldemort. Many of your families have was torn apart a week ago, a student was kidnapped from among us.
"Remember Cedric. Remember, if the time comes when you have to make a choice between what is right and what is easy, remember what happened to a boy who was good and kind and brave , because he lost his way to Lord Voldemort. Remember Cedric Diggory.
Harry's trunk was full; Hedwig was back in her cage above.  He, Ron and Hermione waited in the crowded entrance hall with the rest of the fourth years for the cars that would take them back to Hogsmeade station.  It was another beautiful summer day.  He assumed Privet Drive would be warm and green, with its flower beds an explosion of color, when he arrived there that evening.  The thought gave him no pleasure.
“'Arry!”
He looked around. Fleur Delacour hurriedly climbed the stone steps of the castle. Beyond her, far across the park. Harry could see Hagrid helping Madame Maxime put two of the giant horses into their harnesses.  The Beauxbatons car was about to take off.
"We'll see every uzzer again, I hope," Fleur said as she reached him, holding out her hand.  “I hope to find a job here to improve my English.”
"That's already very good," Ron said in a strangled voice.  Fleur smiled at him; Hermione frowned.
"Goodbye, 'Arry," Fleur said, turning to leave.  “It was a pleasure meeting you!”
Harry's spirits couldn't help but lift slightly as he watched Fleur rush across the lawns towards Madame Maxime, her silver hair waving in the sun.
I wonder how the Durmstrang students get back," Ron said. "Do you think they can steer this ship without Karkaroff?"
“Karkaroff didn’t direct,” said a gruff voice. “He stayed in his cabin and let us do the work.”
Krum had come to say goodbye to Hermione.  “Could I have a word?”  he asked him.
"Oh... yes... okay," Hermione said, looking slightly flustered, and following Krum through the crowd and out of sight.
"You better hurry up!"  Ron called loudly.  “The cars will be here in a minute!”
However, he left Harry to watch the cars and spent the next few minutes craning his neck above the crowd trying to see what Krum and Hermione might do.  They came back quite quickly.  Ron looked at Hermione, but his face was rather impassive.
"I liked Diggory," Krum said abruptly to Harry.  "He's always polite to me. Alvays. Even though I'm from Durmstrang - with Karkaroff," he added sullenly.
“Do you have a new director yet?”  said Harry
Krum shrugged.  He reached out like Fleur had done, shook Harry's hand, then Ron's. Ron looked like he was suffering from some sort of painful internal struggle.  Krum had already started to walk away when Ron burst out, "Can I have your autograph?"
Hermione turned away, smiling at the horseless carriages now heading down the aisle towards them, while Krum, looking surprised but satisfied, signed a fragment of parchment for Ron.

The weather couldn't have been more different on the journey back to King's Cross than it had been on the way to Hogwarts the previous September.  There wasn't a single cloud in the sky.  Harry, Ron and Hermione had managed to have a compartment to themselves. PigEon was once again hidden under Ron's robes to stop him from continually booing; Hedwig was dozing, her head tucked under her wing, and Crookshanks was curled up on a booster seat like a big, furry red cushion.  Harry, Ron, and Hermione spoke more fully and freely than they had all week as the train took them south.  Harry felt like Dumbledore's speech at the Farewell Feast had unlocked him, somehow.  It was less painful to discuss what had happened now.  They interrupted their conversation about what steps Dumbledore might take, even now, to stop Voldemort only when the lunch cart arrives.
When Hermione returned from the cart and put her money back in her satchel, she dislodged a copy of the Daily Prophet she was carrying in there.  Harry looked at him, not sure if he really wanted to know what he could say, but Hermione, seeing him look at her, said calmly, "There's nothing there." You can search for yourself, but there is nothing at all. "I checked every day. Just a little piece the day after the third task saying you won the tournament. They didn't even mention Cedric. If you ask me, Fudge is making them keep quiet."
"He'll never shut Rita up," Harry said.  “Not on a story like this.”
"Oh, Rita hasn't written anything at all since the third task," Hermione said in a strangely strained voice.  "Actually," she added, her voice now slightly trembling, "Rita Skeeter isn't going to write anything at all for a while. Not unless she wants me to spill the beans."
"What are you talking about?" Ron said.
"I found out how she was eavesdropping on private conversations when she wasn't supposed to come into the field," Hermione said hurriedly.
Harry felt like Hermione had been dying to tell them this for days, but had been holding back in light of everything that had happened.
“How did she do it?”  » Harry said immediately.
“How did you find it?”  Ron said looking at her.
"Well, it was really you who gave me the idea. Harry," she said.
"Have I got?"  » Harry said, perplexed.  "How?"
"That's fucked up," Hermione said happily.
“But you said they don’t work –”
"Oh, no electronic glitches," Hermione said.  "No, you see... Rita Skeeter" - Hermione's voice trembled with quiet triumph - "is an unregistered Animagus. She can transform -"
Hermione took a small sealed glass jar from the other bag.
"- as a beetle."
"You're kidding," Ron said.  “You didn’t…she’s not…”
"Oh yes, she is," Hermione said happily, waving the pot at them.
Inside were some twigs and leaves and a large, fat beetle.
"It's never - are you kidding -" Ron murmured, bringing the jar to his eyes.
"No, I'm not," Hermione said, beaming.  "I caught her on the windowsill of the infirmary. Look very carefully and you'll notice that the markings around her antennae look exactly like the foul glasses she's wearing."
Harry looked and saw that she was absolutely right.  He also remembered something.
“There was a beetle on the statue the night we heard Hagrid talking to Madame Maxime about his mother!”
"Exactly," Hermione said.  "And Viktor pulled a beetle out of my hair after we had our talk at the lake. And unless I'm seriously mistaken, Rita was perched on the windowsill in Divination class the day your scar made you bad. She was buzzing around for stories all year round.
"When we saw Malfoy under that tree..." Ron said slowly.
"He was talking to her, in his hand," Hermione said.  "He knew it, of course. That's why she had all those cute little interviews with the Slytherins. They don't care if she does something illegal, as long as they tell her things. horrible on us and Hagrid."
Hermione took the glass jar back from Ron and smiled at the beetle, which was buzzing angrily against the glass.
"I told her I'd let her out when we got back to London," Hermione said.  "I put an unbreakable spell on the pot, you see, so she couldn't transform. And I told her she had to keep her quill to herself for a whole year. See if she can't don't get out of the habit of writing horrible lies about people.
Smiling serenely, Hermione placed the beetle back in her schoolbag.
The compartment door opened.
"Very intelligent. Granger," Draco Malfoy said.
Crabbe and Goyle stood behind him.  All three of them looked more self-satisfied, more arrogant and more menacing than Harry had ever seen them.
"So," Malfoy said slowly, stepping forward into the compartment and slowly looking around, a smirk quivering on his lips.  "You caught a pathetic journalist, and once again Potter's favorite boy. Dumbledore. This is a big deal."
His smile widens.  Crabbe and Goyle looked at him.
“We try not to think about it, don’t we?”  Malfoy said softly, looking at the three of them.  “Are you trying to act like nothing happened?”
"Get out," Harry said.
He hadn't been this close to Malfoy since seeing him mutter to Crabbe and Goyle duringDumbledore's speech about Cedric.  He could feel a sort of ringing in his ears. His hand gripped his wand under his robes.
"You chose the losing side, Potter! I warned you! I told you that you had to choose your company more carefully, remember? When we met on the train, that first day at Hogwarts? I told you not to hang out with the scum like that!”  He shook his head at Ron and Hermione. "Too late now. Potter! They'll be the first to go, now the Dark Lord is back! Mudbloods and Muggle lovers first! Well - second - Diggory was the f-"
It was like someone had exploded a box of fireworks inside the compartment. Blinded by the flame of the spells that had flowed from all directions, deafened by a series of detonations, Harry blinked and looked down at the ground.
Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle were all unconscious in the doorway.  He, Ron and Hermione were standing, all three having used a different spell.  And they weren't the only ones who did it.
"I thought we'd see what these three were up to," Fred said matter-of-factly, walking over Goyle and entering the compartment.  He had his wand out, as did George, who took care to step on Malfoy as he followed Fred inside.
“Interesting effect,” George said, looking at Crabbe.  “Who used the Furnunculus curse?”
"Me," Harry said.
“Weird,” George said lightly.  "I used Jelly-Legs. Looks like these two shouldn't be mixed. He seems to have grown little tentacles all over his face. Well, let's not leave them here, they don't add much- something in the decor."
Ron, Harry and George kicked, rolled and pushed the unconscious Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle - each of them looking significantly worse from the mess of spells they had been hit with - down the corridor, then back into the corridor. compartment and closed the door.
“Exploding Snap, anyone?”  Fred said, pulling out a deck of cards.
They were halfway through their fifth game when Harry decided to ask them.
“Are you going to tell us, then?”  he said to George.  “Who were you blackmailing? »
“Oh,” George said darkly.  "That."
“It doesn’t matter,” Fred said, shaking his head impatiently.  "It wasn't anything important. Not now, anyway."
“We gave up,” George said, shrugging his shoulders.
But Harry, Ron, and Hermione kept asking, and finally Fred said, "All right, all right, if you really want to know... it was Ludo Bagman."
"Intermediate?" » Harry said dryly. “Are you saying he was involved in –”
“No,” George said grimly.  "None of that. Stupid. He wouldn't have the intelligence."
“Well, so what?”  Ron said.
Fred hesitated, then said, "Remember that bet we had with him at the Quidditch World Cup? About how Ireland would win, but Krum would get the Snitch?"
"Yeah," Harry and Ron said slowly.
“Well, that bastard paid us in leprechaun gold that he snagged from the Irish mascots.”
"SO?"
"So," said Fred impatiently, "he disappeared, didn't he? The next morning he was gone!"
"But... it must be an accident, right?"  Hermione said.
George laughed very bitterly.
"Yeah, that's what we thought at first. We thought if we wrote to him and told him he'd made a mistake, he'd cough. But nothing happened. We ignored our letter. We kept trying I talked to him about it at Hogwarts, but he always found an excuse to get away from us.
“In the end, he got pretty nasty,” Fred said.  “He told us we were too young to play and he didn’t give us anything.”
“So we asked for our money back,” George said, glaring.
“He didn’t refuse!”  Hermione gasped.
“Just one,” Fred said.
“But it was all your savings!”  Ron said.
“Tell me about it,” George said.  "Of course, we eventually found out what was going on. Lee Jordan's dad also had a bit of trouble getting money from Bagman. Turns out he's in big trouble with the goblins. He borrowed a lot of gold from them A gang Some of them cornered him in the woods after the World Cup and took all the gold he had, and it still wasn't enough to cover. all his debts. They followed him to Hogwarts to watch him. He didn't have two Galleons to hang around with.
"How?"  Harry said.
“He bet on you, buddy,” Fred said.  "Put a big bet on yourself to win the tournament. Bet against the goblins."
“That’s why he kept trying to help me win!”  Harry said.  "Well, I won, didn't I? So he can pay you for your gold!"
“No,” George said, shaking his head.  "The goblins play as dirty as he does. They say you drew with Diggory, and Bagman bet you would win outright. So Bagman had to run for the win. He ran for the win right after the third task ."
George sighed deeply and began dealing the cards again.
The rest of the trip passed pleasantly enough; Harry wished it would last all summer, in fact, and never make it to King's Cross. . . but as he had learned the hard way that year, time will not slow down when something unpleasant awaits us, aAnd all too soon, the Hogwarts Express arrived at platform nine and three quarters.  The usual confusion and noise filled the halls as students began to file out.  Ron and Hermione struggled past Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle, carrying their trunks.  Harry, however, stayed put.
“Fred – George – wait a moment.”
The twins turned.  Harry opened his trunk and took out his Triwizard winnings.
“Take it,” he said, and put the bag in George’s hands.
"What?"  » said Fred, looking stunned.
"Take it," Harry repeated firmly.  "I do not want it."
"You're crazy," George said, trying to push him back towards Harry.
"No, I'm not," Harry said.  "Take it and make it up. It's for the joke shop."
"He's crazy," Fred said in an almost impressed voice.
"Listen," Harry said firmly.  "If you don't take it, I'll throw it down the drain. I don't want it and I don't need it. But I could do with a few laughs. We could all do with a few laughs. I have feeling like we're going to have more than usual before long."
"Harry," George said weakly, weighing the bag of money in his hands, "there must be a thousand galleons here."
"Yeah," Harry said, smiling.  “Think how many canary creams that is.”
The twins looked at him.
"Don't tell your mother where you got it... although she might not be so keen on you joining the Ministry anymore, come to think of it. . . ."
"Harry," Fred began, but Harry drew his wand.
"Look," he said flatly, "take it, or I'll hex you. I know some good ones now. Just do me a favor, okay? Buy Ron some different robes and say that They come from you.”
He left the compartment before they could say another word, stepping over Malfoy, Crabbe and Goyle, who were still lying on the floor, covered in hex marks.


Uncle Vernon was waiting behind the fence.  Mrs. Weasley was next to him.  She hugged Harry tightly when she saw him and whispered in his ear, "I think Dumbledore will let you come see us later in the summer." Stay in touch, Harry.
"See you soon. Harry," Ron said, patting him on the back.
“Goodbye, Harry! " said Hermione, and she did something she had never done before, and kissed him on the cheek.
"Harry – thank you," George muttered, as Fred nodded fervently at his side.
Harry winked at them, turned to Uncle Vernon and followed him silently from the station.  There was no reason to worry right now, he told himself as he climbed into the back of the Dursleys' car.
Like Hagrid had said, what happened would happen…and he would have to deal with it when it happened.